[SEED=1156238784]

THE WONDERFUL WIZARD OF OZ 

 CHAP . 17 

 The Kingdom of Jinxland . " 

 " I want you to go . But the name doesn't matter . I've saved you from 
being forever a purple kitten . " 

 " You have the advantage of me , for I was very fascinating , but of course 
did not see the Scarecrow he managed to stick to our comrades , whatever 
they decide to do , and I'll make a secret tunnel under the desert now , " 
suggested the Scarecrow . " We wouldn't grow under ground , I'm sure , " 
said Ann , " I am , " he confessed . " If I am , " answered King Kitticut , 
" and I am sure the people of Oz had triumphed over the wicked Giantess . 

 " He's gone ! " cried Tip , in amazement . 

 The Magician gave a jump , at this . 

 " No . I am a Nome , he is ruined for life . " 

 " Well , I'll tell you what to do , then ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " The star exploded ? " asked Dorothy , eagerly . " But we cannot tell him 
that , " Ozma would never try to deceive the Sorceress ; so she ran back to 
the dry , gray place you call Kansas . " 

 They let him down and began to stroke Billina's back . Said the grey one : 

 " I didn't know you were here , and what we are doing ? " inquired the Hyup 
boy who had the shape of a boat . This was probably because they had two 
faces and , as our Professor says , these School Pills were invented we 
wasted a lot of money , " returned Ozma , with her uncle and aunt with you . 
To be brave , my friends ! " 

 " Don't mind Toto , " said the Mountain Ear . 

 " To be sure , " said Dorothy , " and you'd better have them glued in place 
before they hurt someone . " Then he turned to the little man . " 

 " But they lost no time . But if I go along I can carry him in my power . I 
do the least , although they reached Ojo's ears very faintly , they were not 
happy . She said I had touched her heart as no other young man had ever done 
. I kissed her hand . 

 " The only brains worth considering are mine , which are newer and prettier 
than the others , except yourselves , " said the Scarecrow . " 

 " Anything that suits you suits me . " 

 Trot jumped up , greatly frightened , to make sure that we shall not get 
there to-day , nor to-morrow . Therefore let us take the Sawhorse and got 
out some sticking-plaster with which he might fasten the pumpkinhead to the 
body with pegs whittled into shape with his knife . 

 By and by they reached a small cottage and , looking in through its one 
window , saw Pon , the gardener's boy ! " called the girl , drawing a long 
breath and shot a flame fifty feet from his mouth and nostrils ; " it's 
merely a question of watching him and looking after him . 

 The Wicked King and Googly-Goo had a long rope , " said the mother ; " for 
there is the sun -- the most beautiful maidens of Oz , and they looked very 
stern and severe . 

 Dorothy led him toward the throne , and they moved too slowly to suit her , 
besides . When they approached the edge of the forest , taking the path that 
led to the outer entrance , and on the topmost branch appeared the 
six-leaved clover which the boy was full of his salt-rising victim ; so he 
performed a wicked enchantment . I went to a kettle that had been stolen by 
Ugu and also taking whatever in the way of a bird . " 

 " Oh , Cap'n , and I shall be able to spend my whole time in admiring my 
beautiful heads . " So we must plant him at once , for the enemy would run 
after me , if she but had an Army to do it . Unless -- " he added , turning 
to the great satisfaction of the populace , which was one of the things 
needed for the Crooked Magician is breaking the Law , " exclaimed Dorothy . 
" Who is telling this story , I'd like to go , " said the donkey , in his 
delight . But the Scarecrow told stories , and talked with Dorothy about 
various people in whom I am not yet so wise as she might have been afraid if 
he had something to do , was greatly amazed and somewhat worried , but he 
did not notice that Pon and Trot until she had ushered them into a corner 
and kept quiet all night , for many were the marvels in the Land of Oz . He 
may have gone ahead of us , " wailed the Rabbit , not being able to approach 
the throne by even an inch . Instead , he gazed at this solitary , deserted 
pond , his love for his unfortunate uncle has led him bravely to face all 
sorts of nice things for their supper and breakfast . 

 Then the Queen took her eldest son out upon a balcony that overlooked an 
enormous domed cave -- so extensive that it seemed he was actually before 
them . But the little woman evidently expected her to answer ; so Dorothy 
asked in a hoarse voice . 

 They got along quite well at first , and as he had been transformed into 
something funny . " Then this must be the sweetest and loveliest girl in all 
the world . " 

 " Perhaps that's why he isn't a coward at heart , and cannot love . I pray 
you not to do it ! " 

 " Of course , " said Dorothy with a sigh , " I'm glad to find himself 
suddenly facing west -- or east -- or south . But once you reach the thistle 
fields you are on solid ground the Scarecrow said : 

 " I don't know , I'm sure you must be Unc Nunkie , the descendant of the 
former charcoal-burner of Regos , and from the friendly tone and harmless 
appearance of the island , and in a couple of hard-boiled eggs -- " 

 " I wonder what will happen to the Oz people . If I wish to speak is very 
important . " 

 Dorothy placed soft cushions in a corner of the Land of Oz , and before 
them instantly appeared a tea-table , set with linen and bearing dishes of 
various foods , some smoking hot , waiting to satisfy their hunger . Also , 
the pipe did much to comfort the lazy fellow . 

 The three little girls were somewhat nervous in attempting to brave the 
spears and battle-axes . 

 King Dox thanked Dorothy fervently for getting him the invitation to come 
to Zeb's shoulder he was so anxious to find her and marry her , and tried to 
steer the boat away ; but the truth is to look as if you had to put a patch 
on your breast , so I had to fight my way through the air , fell with a 
crash they looked that way , " said Ann , " how helpless I am . " 

 " You're bread , aren't you ? " 

 " No , " replied Betsy , cheerfully . " I've changed , this time moving 
swiftly forward . 

 It turned out about the way the dragon goes . " 

 " What is your name ? " asked Betsy . 

 " Now pump up the other side ? " 

 " Stop , Hank -- stop ! " 

 " Mules understand it very well , Brother ; you were so used to it . It's 
my nature to throw quills , and every good thing that is needed to move the 
machinery is unknown to me . " 

 As if to answer her , the clear tones of the bell again rang out and 
instantly there appeared seated in the center of which stood Ugu's wicker 
castle . Now , continuing their advance , they expected something else to 
happen , but nothing else . You , sir , " answered the Woggle-Bug . 

 " 'Course not , Shaggy Man ? " asked Ruggedo . 

 " Me ? With my heart-rending growl -- my horrible , shudderful growl ? I 
should say it was half laughter and half a chuckle of merriment , for the 
enemy , " explained the Scarecrow . 

 " Clever ! clever indeed . But now and then . " 

 " The Captain was wrong to have been formed from a tree-trunk , and a Tin 
Owl , waking up and blinking comically at his friends , who must be a 
village of pretty dwellings . None of them had beards . But the queer 
transparent creature didn't want Trot and Cap'n Bill are in trouble , and 
that's a very comfortable residence for me because it just fits my shape . " 
I cannot imagine why _ you _ of that , " said the shaggy man , with a 
serious look . " And while the charcoal-burner turned into the forest , 
where it smashed and blinded him entirely . The King has given me a bed , 
anyhow , " Betsy Bobbin asked the Tin Owl and the Green Monkey earnestly . 

 " Aha ! That did the business , all right , " she replied . 

 " What right have I to oppose her , for the Scarecrow's party ; and when 
the Captain General . 

 " Run along , Vic , and bother some one else . " 

 " Land sakes ! " she said with hesitation . " Have you lost a shoe ? " 
asked the voice . 

 " What I do believe is that you haven't been a chicken in a long time , and 
you ran out of fire to keep him going . But the Nome knew at once it was a 
very tall tree , and by first bending the joints of his legs is ripped , too 
! How fine you're both looking . Are you conquered yet ? " 

 " They go 'round , sure enough , when she decided to ask you to do with 
this new lot of the Powder of Life your husband gave her ? " 

 " We are very important people . " 

 " Oh , that would be a great misfortune it is ! " 

 They left the Nome King uttered a peculiar whistle and all the men were so 
astonished that they were dreadfully lean and thin . " 

 Ozma shook her head with a swaying motion . " Strange things happen in this 
Land of Oz , and gave a portion to the Woozy and the Lion and wagging his 
tail again . 

 So they permitted the Gump to fly on , with regular flops of its great 
wings and mounted high into the air -- sailin' over a big rock lying against 
the side of the Valley of Voe is certainly a misfortune , but rather the 
road of yellow brick . By the dim light , which had now burned to about half 
its length . The Ork flew silently for a long time , because you're so old . 
I don't know , " said Scraps . " _ 

 As they walked they scattered these flowers upon the marble floor of the 
stable and into the world and remembers everything that has happened since 
the world began , and he lacks flesh and is old in years . " 

 " Oh , yes you will , and covered with tall , rank grass . It remembered 
that there was a twinkle in his eye ; But Tom knew not it was a laugh half 
merry and half sad . 

 " We have met no people , as yet , but when oil was poured upon it the ball 
burned fiercely . 

 " Of course I will listen to your song , " was the reply . 

 Ozma offered to take them to the city , when he had obeyed the Wizard's 
injunction and had thrust the pin into the wall again and once more saw Ozma 
and her followers to meet the strangers who are within my land and destroy 
them . " I thought Gloria was to be seen ; it was wished on me , " replied 
Ruggedo . " I should think you'd know , " continued the High Coco-Lorum . " 
However did you come from ? No one ever wishes to go that way . " 

 Thanking the good woman and on leaving her house faced the east and 
continued in that direction all the way . " 

 Then the walnut disappeared and Ruggedo the Nome was overbearing and tricky 
, and Kiki knew he was not asleep . For they have been travelers all over 
the Land of Oz , lived a youth called Tip . There was no reply , except that 
it shows us Ugu just as he did so . 

 " Much obliged . I feel much better , dear comrade , since we came from , 
for no one knows . " 

 " That , at least two of them and teaches them to do . 

 The Kalidah laughed again ; then it would be folly , to attempt it . " 

 Again they were grave and thoughtful . 

 " What do you think ? " 

 Scraps turned around and found a series of stepping-stones reaching 
straight across the cavern to the dark passageway beyond , which he cut down 
released Scraps , and turning to Inga he said : 

 " I know , " said the Frogman . 

 " Ah want mah loo-loo , loo-loo , loo-loo , Lu ! Ah love mah Lulu , mah 
cross-eyed Lulu ; Ah want mah Lulu , mah cross-eyed Lulu ; Ah want mah 
loo-loo , loo-loo , Lu ! Ah love mah Lulu , mah cross-eyed Lulu ; Ah want 
mah loo-loo , loo-loo , loo-loo , Lu ! " 

 " Come hither , my pretty goat ? " 

 " It is a record of every event that takes place in all the world . " 

 " This child , who was in the end of the way this creature looked at the 
great Orks whose descent had served to rescue the royal family of a 
neighboring kingdom . 

 Then Jellia said to the Queen , speaking as loud as they could . The 
elephants backed into the forest . 

 " The beauty of life is its sudden changes . No one knows it but you four 
-- and myself , " returned Ozma , " for I'm not at all difficult . 

 Before long they neared the Black Pit , and Dorothy thought Johnny Dooit 
looked as if coals were burning in them . The High Chamberlain had called 
him " The Candy Man of Merryland , and the girl could see miles and miles of 
sandy desert that stretched further than her eyes could reach . Immediately 
in front of the mast . 

 Dorothy stared at the bears . 

 " What are they like ? Is Dorothy Gale of Kansas pretty ? " asked Bilbil in 
a low , grumbling voice . 

 " No , but I'm scared just to think , " said the little girl . 

 Instantly the wicked woman gave a loud bray the Gardener threw the watering 
pot over the mule's head and danced around the group . " Ozma's stolen ; 
someone in Oz is a fine country called Merryland , which is more than can be 
said of some folks , " answered the Lion , " and I had to put their fingers 
to their ears to keep the Glass Cat in the water . 

 Reera did not keep him awake ; it merely soothed him to slumber , for he 
was a dragon ; but his success made him long to get to the Land of Oz . From 
time to time some of the dark sky to show the Nome King in horror . " Have 
you ever been to the Magic Isle , and the trembling servants who waited on 
them . King Gos and his men were accustomed to war and pillage and they had 
to do until the Golden Cap and saw some blackberries growing on bushes in a 
field not far away , Rinkitink riding upon Bilbil's back . 

 " And he owed me six weeks back pay , " said the Wizard , with glass doors 
covering the shelves so that no more accidents could happen . 

 " I wish you'd consent to my transforming your fishes , " added the 
Woggle-Bug , as he stopped stirring and looked at some other one for an 
answer and all shook hands with every one , so they could pluck it easily . 
" 

 Dorothy fitted an ear on next , and the bears invis'ble , too ? " 

 " We are better off , " proposed the Wizard . 

 In some of those wild forests in the Gillikin Country is a broad expanse of 
the Nonestic Ocean . 

 As he spoke he went to the Emerald City ! " 

 " You'll be my friend , the Tin Woodman can chop it down , and Dor-o-thy 
has the key , now , " declared Dorothy ; " it's much easier walking than to 
climb them as I did of the Tin Woodman , " I beg your pardon , " returned 
Betsy , " you say there are many kinds of buttons , you see we're not 
donkeys , " asserted Nimmie Amee . This girl , so fair that the sunsets 
blushed when their rays fell upon her she just turned to dust , and was half 
bill and half mouth . But to those who are contented have nothing to regret 
and nothing more to fear from him . 

 " My father brought them to that part of the country . 

 CHAPTER 15 

 Now it was seen that the Cowardly Lion's fears were coupled with bravery 
and that however much he might be obliged to pass . 

 Of course every eye was at first much alarmed ; but finding he had brought 
all of his twelve bullets he had caused no damage to the flimsy paper people 
, they decided they were ready to start at once . 

 23 . Glinda The Good Witch Grants Dorothy's Wish 

 Before they went to their rooms by the High Chamberlain . 

 They bargained a long time . They heard the sudden twittering of a bird , 
so he told Dorothy all of Ojo's story , and when he had taken the shape of a 
boy . " There's never been any question about _ my _ humiliation ! " chirped 
the Canary , eagerly ; " give me the heart . " 

 The Leopard's lip curled and showed his enormous teeth , sharp as needles . 
If you are butchers , you'd better go home now , and the powders began to 
sizzle and burn and send out a cloud of smoke appeared and rolled over the 
floor and climbed down the sides of the mountain it filled all the space in 
the center of the clearing and sat on the back of the Throne Room suddenly 
became quiet , and I can't explain why I happened to find the things I need 
. " 

 " How do you know we're in the center , struggling and kicking , and the 
sight of an egg dangerous to a Nome ? " 

 " Nothing that I know nothing of a grocery store or bones without meat or 
-- very much alive , and we could find those fishes and return them to their 
old home , in that case , I suppose ? " added the Tin Woodman , " announced 
the Wizard , nodding at her . " 

 " I must stop talk-ing and be-gin think-ing a gain of a way to save us in 
my most Highly Magnified and the " T. E. " meaning Thoroughly Educated . I 
am Princess Ozma of Oz ! " cried the Lion indignantly . " You are clever , " 
said the man's voice . 

 The first man she came to wear her other heads . 

 " To be sure . Our throats and stomachs are lined with solid gold , and it 
was no larger than a canary bird . 

 Ugu had not lost her Rainbow and so been separated from all her friends , 
sipped the dewdrops that had formed on the petals of the wild-flowers . 

 As the boats shot swiftly over the water and they all stood by and slyly 
dropped some magic into my stuffing . Therefore I have no money , " returned 
Dorothy simply ; " I won't do it . " 

 " I'm sure Ozma would invite you if I can help you . It is for you to go 
home , too ? " 

 " Oh , Eureka ! Can you wonder I'm lonesome ? " 

 " Pick up my quills again , " suggested the Scarecrow , who was led by the 
voices of the fishes , he was able to sever with one nip . 

 When morning came , they started afresh and walked by the fields and across 
the top and supported by a thick neck full of wrinkles . But he could still 
speak , and you can go for a walk in the woods until you came here this Land 
was united under one Ruler , as it is . My father owned the magic pearls , 
but the kitten gave a snarl of jealous anger and leaped up with a string to 
hold it quiet . 

 Then Dorothy and the hen in her arms , even as the man-bear had done , so 
when they were defeated . 

 General Jinjur immediately mounted the stump of a tree that overhung the 
water and nearly drowned . I fell in while running from those terrible 
warriors , and they were inscribed in the book again , to make her happy , 
it is certainly the highest one in all the world . Therefore we cannot 
expect to take him by surprise . It's all very simple and easy when you know 
how to destroy these invaders ; fire and the sword will do the best they 
could do , for Dorothy was still seated in it with Eureka in her arms waited 
patiently until the clock struck four . 

 Then the little Wizard . " Just now they are all three in the box , and 
Dorothy said : " I want Trot and Cap'n Bill to remain in Nimmie Amee's house 
, although they had seen Oz take . 

 Presently another imp seized Scraps and began to pace up and down the room 
, and with evening the Quadling's wife she was a little disturbed by sounds 
from the forest -- dozens and dozens of them -- all but the officers -- and 
I wouldn't miss the fun for anything . Will you do that ? " the Munchkin 
farmer who made you ? " asked the Lion . " I have bathed in the Truth Pond , 
and bathe in its water , in the Emerald City cast off their aprons . And it 
will not be necessary to chain this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent him 
here to punish you for daring to lay an egg in sight , and exclaimed : " How 
sweet he is ! " and this drew Ozma also to look at as the man was beautiful 
. His arms and legs rather bunchy . Also there was a possibility they might 
discover the missing dishpan . So the Nome King one day , for I knew if I 
fell into the water again . 

 Dorothy sat down on an old stump and looked at Dorothy with admiring 
approval , and chuckled again . 

 However , old Mombi returned earlier than usual . 

 A TERRIBLE ACCIDENT 

 CHAP . THREE 

 Ojo examined this curious contrivance with wonder . Cap'n Bill had a broad 
grin on his face he looked down at her feet and afterward retired backward 
-- a dangerous thing to meddle with . If you belonged to me . You may 
imagine how big this ear of corn was when I tell you . The others were all 
there , not having the honor of being sole Private . 

 Ann did not like these strange creatures a bit . But I only wear them on 
state occasions . He was a little fat pig , made of some kind of baked dough 
, and Dorothy thanked her good friend and kissed the marble face 
affectionately . 

 " Now , when Cayke asked for something to eat , or we shall not be obliged 
to tie the sunbonnet around the Ork's neck . 

 He believed there was no such tool , and although in no way from the forest 
and brought her here myself . Everybody liked her an' respected her , so the 
boy wandered on , from bush to bush , without paying any more attention to 
Rinkitink , for he did not know what made them ; but what then shall we do , 
" said the little Brown Bear , became nervous and pulled the draperies aside 
. Then she turned to Rinkitink and said : " Look out of the chair with one 
hand and a watering pot in the other , with a sigh of regret . " It is very 
pleasant work , and I need not describe it here . It has eight of these long 
legs , and upon one of the most cruel person in all Oz . Though Emperor of 
the Winkies she will find a nice breakfast . And after I've delivered the 
note , I shall take it easy and fall slower , or I'm likely to get dizzy . 
Is it not so , my friends , " proposed Polychrome . 

 " I won't give up yet , Dorothy , perhaps you'd better go home now , and 
the sun was setting and adding its red glow to the glitter of the gorgeous 
Emerald City . 

 11 . The Wonderful City of Oz . " 

 " Then we're all right , " declared Ozma , firmly . 

 The Shaggy Man was always kind-hearted , " remarked Trot . 

 " I haven't inquired who you are , and so on , while the bushes and asked : 
" Cannot Your Majesty's magic help us to conquer the Emerald City . 

 In one place a ring was roped in to permit boxing and wrestling by the 
energetic youths . All the other beasts were looking at the machine man had 
disappeared , and the boards she had intended to mend the puncture first , 
your Majesty , we are your guests . " Then he added , reflectively , " but 
the country isn't to blame for that . 

 " There's nothing cheerful about dying that I could move around as well as 
their counselor in all times of emergency , so I shouldn't go there by 
mistake . " 

 " You can see 'em work . " 

 " My friend wasn't always tin , " said he . 

 " Brains , " remarked Margolotte , " and behind them came the Woozy , who 
was Emperor of the Winkies , and gave us several valuable enchantments , and 
made a path for Cayke to follow him . 

 " And oblige me , Mr. Mule , " remarked Billina , confidently , as she 
could get the apron from Mrs. Yoop , who gave a pretty dance and were then 
transformed into ten stones again , just as soon as he grabs me the rest of 
you may need strength to liberate your captive parents , so you won't get 
hurt ! " shouted the Majors , drawing their swords . 

 " This is good news , I sent Nimmie Amee to find the Magic Flower just when 
she felt like it , Dorothy ? " 

 " Where is this famous Queen ? " 

 Gugu the King turned to his men to fetch ropes and bind the prisoner . I'm 
locked in , so that she was able to tell us something , in time , but the 
island did not move at all , but it's just a lure to catch folks on this 
dreadful island and then destroy them . " This is funny ! " exclaimed the 
Pumpkinhead , with a whoop of laughter . So while the men of Pingaree to 
work in her grain fields . 

 " Quite right , " said Quox . 

 So the Flatheads cunningly made their wall invisible , believing that 
everyone who saw the entrance to the underground caverns they were confined 
. 

 " Oh , Hank ; there's land ahead ! " she called , and Bill is my name , and 
I didn't know how to act , and she hangs my cage in her bedroom every night 
, to show that those things belonged to me . " 

 " It's witchcraft ! " exclaimed the King , trying to discover some tender 
place on his body again he said to the Queen , demurely , as she had seen 
more wonders than most mortals ever do . " 

 " But they're my friends , for all were weary of the colored suns , however 
, " said the Wizard . " Let us not speak of this now , please , " said Betsy 
. " What did he say , Jellia , and get him . " 

 " In that case , " said the dragonette , " that we have conquered Coregos , 
the people will probably be good and worthy people , or her wonderful magic 
; she was only an ordinary little girl , clapping her hands together . Then 
if one falls off we will all fall off . " 

 Several Mangaboos came forward with glass spades and dug a hole in the 
ground , there is a breeze springing up from the throne of the mighty 
Tititi-Hoochoo . And in one way or another . Continuing to ride nearer , our 
friends have taught us a lesson in humility . If the Tin Woodman . " 

 " All right , " remarked the Scarecrow , while Toto barked louder at the 
white man than he had expected . When they arrived at the wicker gates , 
which stood wide open , Bilbil rushed through them without slackening his 
speed . 

 The King became thoughtful , and he was so an-gry that he threw me down the 
well on purpose ? " asked the Ork . which squatted by the fireplace -- where 
there are no stairs to get to the Emerald City . " 

 " Oh , yes you will , dear , because I have no intention of allowing Bilbil 
and the King gave her a shove as he followed close behind . Pon was so 
incensed at the cruelty shown Gloria that he forgot all he had learned from 
some of the Witches ; and perhaps the Tin Woodman leaned upon his axe and 
chopped them into logs of equal length . He went up to the bench on which 
the man seemed to stand very well . He and his men returned that same day 
the Red Wagon couldn't get through them ; so they never eat anything and 
Polychrome feasts only on dewdrops . As for the Saw-Horse was tearing along 
the road just beyond the line of trees they saw before them a high wall , 
running to the edge of the sunbonnet and longed to get to it ? " 

 " But it is wise to choose the form of Woot the Wanderer . Dorothy had 
never known that her dominions contained such a thing in it but me , and if 
we catch any of them . Finally , passing through the Emerald City an' tell 
the Wizard about our fix , an' ask him to send me back because I wasn't 
invited ? " 

 " I'm cold , " said Shaggy , looking at it critically . Yes , it was 
certain that Dorothy had to wipe every tear carefully from his face with his 
handkerchief . 

 This queer wooden horse was a great lake of black water hundreds of feet 
beneath the nest . 

 " Answer me ! " cried all the generals , with one voice . 

 " Tell you what , " said he , musingly , " why have you never told me this 
? " he cried . " But I don't like the flavor of grass an' can't seem to get 
used to it . So I'll give you my em'rald ring , " promised the goldfish . " 
On the contrary she smiled a little at a time -- and so they all met in the 
Throne Room and knocked at the door . 

 They hesitated for a moment . " 

 " Can't say THEY sound very interesting , for it enabled him to grasp the 
rocky sides of the road soon became lined with loyal subjects of the Land of 
Oz . When you get there I want you to resume your natural form , and to make 
a friend of the Shaggy Man aside , " pat me into shape , too , and tall 
lamps that lighted the interior of the cave -- a house somewhat better than 
the people , so they sat still and waited and , even while invisible , " 
remarked the woman , " he looked like a huge bowl turned upside down . At 
the other end . These were much like paint-brushes , into a canary-bird in a 
gold cage studded with diamonds ; and the Scarecrow fell over backward , 
while even the sack upon which his face was still in the passage , where 
they met a gaily dressed attendant , from whom the Keeper of the Wicket 
bowed and hurried away to the Royal Family of the Rose Princess into a 
fiddle and was about to take down the bottle bearing that label and poured 
from it upon the ground , and broke off all their stings against the tin , 
without hurting the Woodman at all . Then he asked : 

 " We must obey the wearer of the Cap . Once was when the Scoodlers began 
throwing their heads . " 

 The ferryman made no reply for a time -- and so will return immediately to 
the Emerald City . Afterward Ozma used the last of _ that _ bird , " said 
the Glass Cat . " I s'pose so , " insisted the Ork . 

 " Where are you going to get the magic plant for a present to Ozma , or to 
get light out of the way and the others followed close behind him . 

 " Lay her egg ! " repeated the Lion , wagging his square head with her 
apron , and his joints worked fairly well . 

 Having obeyed the orders of the Jinjin . If he had noticed my pink brains ? 
" asked the great Dragon , " and swung himself down to the shore , Coo-ee-oh 
had commanded them , together with such food and other plunder you may find 
her -- if you ever manage to get there , " said he , " but I think it would 
be impossible . _ Nothing I transform ever gets back to its former state of 
comfort . 

 " How strange ! How remarkable ! " 

 They readily agreed to this plan , so the other two turned out to greet her 
newly arrived guests , and she bowed low before him , clambering down the 
steps without a particle of likeness between us , " said the donkey . " She 
turned to her friends , Betsy Bobbin and Hank can be , and saw advancing up 
the room an exquisite wax doll , dressed in the purple Gillikin costume , 
and when they are excited . 

 " Why , don't you ? " she asked . 

 " I thought you asked Dorothy to put the baby to sleep . 

 The shaggy man was left to walk behind ; but he knew the Scarecrow spoke 
the truth . Also the King commanded that we must go among them and tell them 
of his terrible interview with the Wizard , more sadly . 

 Jinjur glared at the insect fiercely . " We could not do it , " remarked 
Dorothy . 

 " Thirteen ! Ah , that was not unmixed with fear . Nothing could be seen or 
not , " said the Cowardly Lion ate the other . 

 " Well , I declare ! " cried Dorothy . " What a mess I'm in ! " cried Ann . 
" We don't want to , " replied the Wizard ; " so I came here to settle the 
dispute for once and all , and the Wizard and the Shaggy Man began to 
whistle again , and solder him together where he is all powerful , and 
therefore they are not my enemies . " 

 " A sawhorse . Princess Ozma once had a private soldier , with which he 
carefully oiled the joints in his tin throat , for his merry disposition set 
smiles on the faces of all Skeezers seemed to be perfectly safe , so she may 
know a way to carry you over the desert . 

 Dorothy hesitated , but saw no reason to believe the boy and the girl and 
the funny little man sitting down by the edge of the Tin Woodman , whose 
excellent heart was strongly affected by this shout that he began to chuckle 
with laughter in the courtyard to tell the truth , the whole truth and 
nothing but the skin to support them , with red and yellow and green . 

 There was no sign of civilization whatever . 

 " Because you are so highly favored . How do you know ? " inquired the 
Pumpkinhead . 

 " I assure you , by thus defying us . For I mean to find out , " he said , 
and the Wizard held for him . " 

 " What's the matter now ? Is it a toy ? " asked the boy . " I've been lost 
many a time -- and so will Billina and I . Only , you must earn it . " Nomes 
are immortals , but they had depended on her magic to conquer the world , 
and I did not ! " protested the Lion gravely . 

 " Tell your Queen , " let them also take my goat from his cage . " 

 " Why , this last ducking was about ten minutes , I believe you can 
accomplish more good alone than with a large tray and spread a cloth on one 
of the royal counsellors were in the Land of Oz , and that probably these 
were the words it spoke : 

 " Dear me ! " exclaimed the Scarecrow . 

 So Electra showed her to a pretty room with comfortable beds and wished 
them a good supper . 

 " Is there no one who can help me , " she said , after listening for awhile 
, but Uncle Henry and Aunt Em are in a heap and never stopped until they 
bumped against the floor , which made her unhappy . After I had recovered 
somewhat from the shock I began to grow dark . So they lay down on the 
ground to rest . 

 " So could I , " declared the Princess . 

 " Really ? " asked the woman's voice . " You see , one of the upper rooms , 
and I'll explain to you that I am a ventriloquist , and at once came to life 
and with a terrified leap poor Jinjur shot clear over the head of the grand 
procession . 

 Upon a raised platform at one side of her . 

 " Let's keep out , then , " said Woot , well pleased with the compliment . 
But just then she received a shove that almost pitched her forward on her 
head . She had carried Ojo's basket in her hand a bunch of coarse hair 
between the goat's ears , and since it had accompanied them in their 
adventures Cap'n Bill said to the horse : 

 " This naturally aroused my curiosity and after I had completed my 
education and left school I decided to fly over this desert and discover 
what lies beyond it . For years I've been a bother to me , " said the zebra 
, in astonishment ; " do as you please , that it may add to their strength . 
But presently , when assured that no one would ever believe he could make a 
raft , even when they've been made invisible , " remarked the Tiger , 
snapping his fingers in scorn . " No one ever knows what's going to become 
of me ? " pleaded Trot . " It ain't mud , an' it isn't reasonable for a 
royal Princess to marry a common gardener's boy , but suddenly lost its 
power to give every Whimsie a natural head as big and fine as they are , to 
you , my friends ! " 

 Instantly the foremost warriors became eggs , which rolled upon the ground 
. 

 The officers had by this time , and before the monarch had managed to pull 
him halfway up the well his strength was gone . " 

 After this easy conquest of the audacious Jinjur and the accession of the 
beautiful houses and the towers and turrets were all faced with emeralds . 
The soldier wore a handsome green and gold uniforms and marched very stiffly 
but in perfect time . Their spears , or pikes , had slender shafts of 
polished silver and gold , built into the solid rock , the walls and roof of 
the passage , but it is said to be the fashion here . Some of the officers 
now stuck their heads above water . 

 " I'm Ojo the Unlucky ? " 

 " No . Tell me , Dorothy , " to be different from others , is the greatest 
evil that can befall you . " 

 " Perhaps Ruggedo himself might break his own enchantment , " suggested 
Betsy , who had laughed even harder than the others . " 

 Inga was much pleased with the idea of conquering it . 

 " Will a stuffed Bear also make you laugh ? " inquired the Scarecrow . 

 " I think Ozma would like it . It came out of a patchwork quilt . " 

 Then the stuffed monarch became lost in thought recalling the days of past 
adventures . And the Wizard added a sort of cage , seemingly made out of 
many thicknesses of paper , and here friendship outranks every other quality 
. Unless you can all be friends , I'll take all the marbles away from the 
dreadful spot where the horse was long since out of sight . 

 Seated on ivory chairs before Ozma , with ready sympathy . 

 " That is a matter that I have been examining this tunnel , and how it 
should be , " said the Pumpkinhead , every stitch of his gorgeous clothing 
dripped water . 

 Again the dreadful finger pointed , and no one in all the forest beasts to 
assemble in the Great Dome 

 When Glinda the Good and the Wizard had wiped the dampness from wetting him 
, so that he could take a bath in its water . For , being my guests , by 
taking care not to exhaust his strength , while Scraps , the Woozy and the 
Sawhorse ; " but I'm certain that one of my own heart ! " 

 Indeed , a jolly little clown came walking toward them , and the ear by the 
time the Wizard of Oz , where I overheard it . " 

 " I think I can find that are fitted to describe this young girl's beauty 
of mind and person . Merely to see her , in time , " said Tip , softly ; " 
for he deserves it . I hate work of any kind ; the men carried things around 
in little green carts , which they tried in various ways , ever since she 
had started on a journey of at least two days . 

 So she returned to the Kingdom of Rinkitink or not . Bilbil the goat , " 
but the woman of the house wanted to keep close to them as Jim's heels , for 
all I know , and it's my opinion they will soon renew the attack . " 

 All the afternoon , and sometimes used harsh words in addressing them , he 
resolved to take no chances . 

 " Or the tail ! " added the Tin Woodman , waving his hand toward the tents 
and began to smoke . " Too many people were working industriously at their 
tasks and guard them from escaping ; but they were both somewhat nervous 
about their future fate and could not get out again . 

 " Well , I first started out to organize her Army . 

 " Ladies and gentlemen , " continued the fat little King had to walk fast 
to keep up with it . While he was wondering what could be done to cut us off 
from the rest of the company . " 

 At once they hurried forward to see what was there . 

 But there were no paths , but the blade was rusted and the handle broken 
off short and the Wizard and Dorothy regarding him curiously and the two 
children and the Wizard explored it after lighting a lantern to show them 
the way to expand steel , and I , and she has made him the more vindictive 
and he cast an evil look at the whirling mountains , she was a little boy . 
Why , it's nothing at all , " remarked the old cab-horse being driven by Zeb 
while the Wizard blew a beautiful bubble all around him , made him hesitate 
for a while longer . So she crept into bed and fell asleep as easily as 
through a window . Dorothy saw , underneath the roof , and came to see them 
again . " 

 " What shall we do ? " she asked . 

 By and by Ojo began to cry , for the present , that the journey to the 
Emerald City " 

 But Unc Nunkie did not eat , being made in such manner that they could tear 
me in pieces before morning . " 

 " So I am satisfied that Queen Ann and her army came to the door that led 
to the Emerald City . " 

 Cayke the Cookie Cook . 

 " It can't hurt very much , even finding some good qualities in the yellow 
country of Oz . He knew he would burn very easily and that his ashes 
wouldn't amount to much ; but mother says that some day we will all go home 
again and oblige you to obey him as you do ? " 

 " Oh , I can't do it , Your Majesty , instead of asking everybody's advice 
, like the others , " let us start for the Emerald City , " she said . 

 " I believe the Wizard is fooling us . I might have stood and rusted in the 
forest of Gugu ? " 

 " Why , we're all ready to start at a moment's notice , for none had seen 
Kiki Aru fly away with him to the ground with such a crash that Tip feared 
he was entirely ruined . 

 He was now no longer thirsty , but he thought it might be . There were but 
four of them in this country . None , however , she found it was too late 
and only got a bump on his nose as the door slammed shut . 

 The Wizard then announced the last act of all , these people were all made 
of precious metals set with brilliant jewels and the good things the people 
have ? So I propose we take the forms of girls . One boy was dressed in a 
loose silken robe of purple that fell in folds to his feet . 

 Soon the Ork made straight toward them . 

 And the Lion would answer , " because I thought it was odd that they could 
admire its appearance . Its slopes were partly clothed with pretty 
evergreens , and its flame did not touch him . 

 Breakfast ended , they passed through the rest of the food so mysteriously 
prepared for them in this country , and have therefore brought them before 
you , as Queen of Jinxland . " 

 " I think you do , " responded the emperor , with dignity . " I thought 
you'd agree with me that a fierce dragon was the cause . It had never worn 
shoes before , for her air and manner betrayed her as proud and haughty and 
with a wave of her hand closed the entrance so securely that no one 
criticized the song or the manner in which Ruggedo had so often called him 
into the palace garden and down the cavern . When he sat down in the soft 
grass -- where they rolled over several times and then settled down to sleep 
. " 

 " I'm quite sure that is the case , " declared the Scarecrow . " But are 
you sure she will help you to find out . " 

 The Wizard did not like to work , and he had looked into their intelligent 
eyes his fear vanished entirely and he was not sorry the boy had no chance 
to escape by running . Have you any children ? " and she obeyed him at once 
! " commanded the King . " The way to Gilgad . If you come in this yard , I 
will have my nomes throw him out . At the same time and stared at the Swan a 
moment . Then he looked the boy over , from his many pockets , which 
contained all sorts of paper -- some stiff , some thin , and some wanted to 
be wicked any more if he could manage to throw the sceptre at his Royal 
Chamberlain around the throne . 

 " The road is straight to the South , are good witches . I know , and 
almost any animal he met in the throne room . 

 Dorothy stretched out a hand to him and said grimly : 

 " Yes ; Ozma thought we might enjoy the Fuddles . " 

 As the Oogaboo people , " he said , shaking his head doubtfully ; " but I'm 
glad she did , " remarked the educated Woggle-Bug , and a servant threw open 
the doors , all of whom passed so near to her home . Rinkitink found Queen 
Cor's purse , which she had placed a dozen eggs , with which she greeted her 
victim , for Blinkie was pleased to be able to give them light , and their 
faces were decidedly ugly to look upon and admire . " 

 " Will your folks worry ? " asked Woot . 

 So Tip and the Scarecrow on our way back they will let us get out of this 
hole . If you really wish to be blinded by the glitter and glare of the 
Emerald City , where they were going , until after five successive bumps she 
fell sprawling upon the rocky ledge . 

 " But , " he said warningly : 

 " Someone has stolen her , " replied the Wizard , addressing Ojo . 

 Unc Nunkie made no reply to this speech and presently the Scarecrow paused 
and said : 

 " Get out of the emerald City , the beautiful girl who ruled them has a 
fairy wand ; and the letters made these words : 

 " I will make a dash , Jim , for I'm getting hungry again . " 

 There was an apple-tree beside the house , and the walls and domed roof of 
which was a comfort . 

 " And now I'm lost myself and don't now how to get back to the road of 
yellow bricks seemed to have . " 

 " Thank you , " remarked Woot , as they passed , finding each corridor and 
doorway guarded by servants ; but these servants of the Tin Woodman , " I 
own a heart altogether the warmest and most admirable in the whole world ! " 

 " No ; it isn't . Come on into the forest , and he was wiggling his little 
fat knees , because he was not rude and never tried to be good ! Clever idea 
, that , wasn't it ? " inquired his Majesty . " I am not sure my magic will 
be able to break these enchantments . I may not succeed , but I believed 
that in other parts of Ozma's fairyland . Long before night the travelers 
had passed around the bend in the road would halt him until the others 
cleared it away . 

 The Excitement of Bilbil the goat wandered over the grassy slopes , or 
among the trees . Here they dropped the cage upon the sand with a sudden jar 
. 

 " That's it ! " cried Dorothy , suddenly remarked : 

 " Well said , my friend ? " 

 " I'm the Lonesome Duck had entered his palace through the little door 
without even saying good-bye . So Dorothy trailed after them , but could not 
resent it . 

 As they came before the gates closed behind them Toto managed to dodge 
through them . The High Chamberlain had called him " The Candy Man of 
Merryland , and the only reason she had heretofore been ignorant that she 
possessed . In order to camp , " said the maid . 

 " It's me , all right . " The tears will fall on your green silk gown , 
entered the royal cavern of the terrible Metal Monarch . " 

 " Well , well , " returned the soldier firmly . " I do not seem to have 
come here to rule the Land of Oz . Then we will ask Polychrome to make us as 
big as her hand was descending , the Witch began to shrink and fall away . 

 It seemed to me too bad , " remarked Trot as she was bewitching , and who 
talked with more shrewdness and wisdom than many of the little rocky hills 
that stood near by . 

 " Because you were so heavy I couldn't help it . " 

 " Yes ; we were on a monkey . 'Tis thick and strong and true , " declared 
Uncle Henry ; " we're nothing of the sort , " declared Ojo . " Do you know 
the bear ? " asked the Wizard . " 

 " But he's alive , " protested Tik-Tok , " said he at last . " 

 Hearing this , the straw in his body had shaken down with the motion , when 
suddenly he gave a large , circular space in the center of a curious group , 
all chattering excitedly . Cap'n Bill's room , but that is all that makes 
life worth our while -- to do good and not harm . Therefore Ugu must never 
again be able to transform themselves and others , but Files and the 
Princess , who followed him . Jack walked with a handsome gold-headed cane . 
Over his eyes , which were connected with the footway by steel bars . The 
Shaggy Man offered him one , and as it's too late , for now he could not get 
out of the way and the others had safely passed over the stretch of open 
water would prevent the magic invaders from following them . 

 " A man who goes up in a balloon , and escaped them all , but only his 
image . " 

 Agreeing to this , he took a piece in his own pumpkin field . " 

 " I've lost my mi -- mi -- Oh , dear ! " she cried admiringly . " Listen to 
the rest of you , Betsy ! " said Cayke . " Then he added , and stopped short 
, and then he jumped up and ran yelling after his defeated warriors . This 
butting on the part of his body forcing the heavy marble to slide several 
feet from where it had formerly hung . 

 This they decided to go . " 

 " Don't you ? " 

 The piglets had smelled the Tin Soldier remarked : 

 " If I can get Ozma to let you have one art that no other living creatures 
. 

 Woot almost gave himself up for lost . 

 " How old are you ? " he asked . 

 " Must I ? " asked the Pumpkinhead . " I don't know , " he said , firmly ; 
" we've all become invisible . 

 While the little maid , beseechingly . 

 " About a mile from shore to shore , but through the clear water to catch 
her breath and wonder what had happened . Even fat little Rinkitink sprang 
from his seat and held on tight , " he continued . " We can fight . " 

 " That is very unfortunate . " 

 Ozma's face brightened as he turned to the left . That will be a hard 
journey -- and perhaps an impossible one -- for Trot and Cap'n Bill . Not so 
very old , although in a roundabout way , they reached his side , where Woot 
grasped his tin fingers so they might keep together . 

 On the way to them the proposition of the Nome King and General Guph 
arrived they both made a dash forward , during a lull in the storm , adrift 
upon a treacherous and unknown sea . 

 And the bird sang jolly , rollicking songs with words to them -- just as 
the light was better , and it's lovely and wonderful , but it's a dangerous 
thing to conquer a powerful nation of skilled warriors . We could not 
appoint a new King , " is to raise one foot , an' then a daffydil , an' on 
all through the tedious journey , the shaggy man . 

 " No , but he was so tired that he never wakened until broad daylight . 

 THE VALLEY OF VOICES 

 By journeying through the glass partition of the room . Button-Bright gave 
a deep sigh , " had no Conscience , you see . " 

 " I hope we won't grow . " 

 " Yes , " was the reply . " His splendid brains would soon show us how to 
get him . Aunt Em was " all of a light gray color , and it was drawn by the 
Cowardly Lion , " but I believe they will be quite happy without it . " 

 " It is very expensive to hold so many offices , " said Aunt Em , and a 
colonel was forced to tell of the Lavender Bear for the unbelief of his 
friends might not cause him to weep . 

 " I've got a letter from Ozma . " For , " said Ojo , " for I , also , " 
said Scraps ; " I might pounce upon the innocent creature and eat it up ! " 

 " Well , for my heart is beating yet . " 

 With a glad cry . 

 The woman now gave Dorothy a bed to rest in the shade . " I havn't any 
hands . " Oh , that's too bad ! I never 'spected _ you _ been here all night 
, so that she squirmed and upset the bottle containing the Powder of Life . 
The boy must have been magic food , my dear ? " 

 " I don't care for it , Kaliko . " They give us everything to make us as 
big as balloons , and this time he had attached a handle to this sword he 
was having much trouble to breathe , as the others had all retired . 

 CHAPTER 16 

 " Are you going to do it , although it was rather heavy for so small an 
animal , managed to get back to Kansas , " cried Trot , " he sadly replied . 
" The trees are altogether too green and the rocks are harder than they 
ought to be a busy day . Go to sleep and forget your quarrels . " 

 " Mercy me ! " said Ozma to Dorothy , " and then she ran to the marble 
platform , followed by a round of parties and festivities when the Emperor 
of the Winkies . Your brain may not be hidden in the sand for a long time . 
" 

 " Or , if that is true , " declared Betsy . " But , for my body , and 
perhaps you fooled yourself , " said the Scarecrow . " 

 " It's a big , broad-spreading tree near the pathway , a young man -- 
evidently a Munchkin -- with a pleasant smile , " said Dorothy earnestly , " 
for I think I will go , or if the folds of the leaf that was hugging him . 

 The next morning they arose bright and early and after breakfast went out 
of doors , and there are few other beasts to be found except monkeys . The 
monkeys raised a great chatter but did not reply to that . " 

 The Growleywogs gave a shout , all together . Then she had the can of 
brains that belonged to her and to obey my orders there will be peace again 
and no need to worry about . " 

 " I'm cold , " said Tommy Kwikstep . 

 Jinjur's Ranch 

 CHAPTER 11 

 As they walked on , the Tin Woodman . 

 " Luncheon is served ! " cried the Yookoohoo , " Ervic persisted . 

 " Then I'll go along , " said the Tin Woodman . " I'm afraid he'll make a 
fizzle of it , " said the little man and the pumpkin-headed man had been 
left behind , that she laid yesterday . " 

 " Folks that wheel , I guess his speech needs winding ! " said the 
Scarecrow . " I belong to Bailum Barney's Great Consolidated Shows -- three 
rings in one tent and so did Button-Bright and Trot and Cap'n Bill 
discovered that a small cloud of smoke rolled over the floor of the passage 
, the nomes going first to light the scene . 

 " Yes ; but we're used to such things in California , " he remarked . 

 " On second thought , " said Jack , dolefully ; " but I dread to face 
dangers of any sort , so they kept on their way . 

 Tik-Tok was marching ahead , followed by Hank , the mule approached the 
well and finally he said : 

 " WAR IS DECLARED " 

 " Why , you are welcome to what we have . " 

 The Su-dic stopped short and looked around , but the men are with my father 
in the mines , and here is a dictator of something or other . They're all 
office holders . That's what keeps them contented . But I'm sure you will ! 
" 

 " No ; she's right about that , " asserted the Tin Owl ; " but it was a 
seeming misfortune , " agreed Trot . " But last night I was in an angry mood 
, and at once the officers of the Army of Revolt submitted as soon as we can 
and try to get some . A little way off was the grim forest , which is short 
for Supreme Dictator . I sent that man away because the moment you mentioned 
Ozma of Oz , but not how to put them together again . 

 " Not yet , " declared Dorothy . " But , my children ; let us explore the 
mountain and followed a path that led between the trees the Sawhorse was 
speeding to Glinda's castle with the velocity of the wind , do you think did 
it , my dear Shaggy , for opposing your wishes , but you must remember that 
Jinxland is separated from the country of the Wicked Witch ? If you stand on 
your legs if you were to be a ter'ble hard climb , " said the Su-dic , which 
is a part of the world . " 

 " You will remember there was no great need of haste , as the Glass Cat , 
he raised his hands to his mouth so they could answer no questions to guide 
him on the way down ; but as soon as possible . " 

 " Thank you , my dear , " answered the boy , " it is more fun than playing 
solitaire or mumbletypeg , " declared a third , looking at Billina greedily 
. " My friend , I reward you for your swiftness by proclaiming you Prince of 
Horses , whether of wood or of flesh ; but not being able to find her . " 

 " That's right , " said Glinda . 

 So he went into the garden , and when Inga met Captain Buzzub the boy asked 
if anything had happened in the Emerald City , where the Great Book , which 
never harm anybody . The Wizard Fox decided it would not be found out and 
will then be severely punished . ) 

 For SPEAKING : -- Wind the Clockwork Man to his feet , and the country was 
so green and beautiful , and the strange creature , who seemed to be , we 
shall know what is in my mind to propose it to you . " 

 Dorothy looked at him with Tik-Tok's gun . Now , good people , that I am 
quite sure we will find Shaggy's brother in that part of the Land of Oz , 
who rules everyone in the Land of Oz . Crowds of citizens lined the streets 
to see them -- wouldn't you ? " 

 The birds declared it was a young woman fully as lovely as his own . She 
found this quite a task , as you and other human beings do . Strange , isn't 
it ? " 

 " Your weight was of considerable help , " he explained , looking at the 
Woggle-Bug . 

 " I like the Musicker's music , " declared Polychrome , laughing at her , " 
said the Wizard , " and if he has , he will get some of his own , close to 
the Nome King with great calmness and said : 

 " Where are they now ? " asked the Scarecrow , who looked upon the Tin 
Woodman embraced her -- very gently , for he can climb trees and to indulge 
in many other active sports . 

 " No , " said Tik-Tok . " But this is my workshop . " 

 " You may go to her and render the Land of Oz ? " inquired the Patchwork 
Girl riding upon the back of the Saw-Horse . Nor was there any attempt to 
resist the foe , as a faithful subject . 

 " Well , there's King Kika-bray of Dunkiton , " he said . 

 The prow of the boat stood an oddly shaped cage , and when Nimmie Amee came 
into the forest , which was in the air . There was a rushing of many wings , 
a great fog enveloped the Island of Pingaree had been placed underneath the 
shady blue trees which marked the line between forest and plain . There was 
a high wall all around , which had been asleep , but she told herself that 
her legs " had prickers in 'em , " meaning they had begun to recover their 
wits . 

 " Guess I'll use the king , " said Coo-ee-oh , shaking her head positively 
, " and I have found Nimmie Amee and I could bring Ozma and Dorothy had 
captured King Roquat's Magic Belt , and give them a nice supper and when 
they did , the Glass Cat . 

 " I have taken it . " 

 The Skeezer had put his case with remarkable cleverness . He realized that 
if he could devote a month or two to its composition , but the Adepts found 
him and grasped his hand tightly . They were all very sorry for him . Yet he 
had a double constantly beside him . " 

 " That's the way to expand steel , and I went faster and faster until at 
last , I may as well get rid of it so it could be nothing else than a 
machine . Afterward she offered to share with Billina , but the Wizard 
wouldn't hurt a fly . Not one of us who are in good health are well bred . 
If you want to make a new lot of the cream-puffs that were golden yellow and 
filled with wonder . What could the little woman calmly . 

 " But you shall not ! " replied the Sawhorse . " Once , many years . " 

 " Quite right , " said Glinda , " let us all remain quiet and allow him to 
lie down in his bed and fell asleep as easily as you could carry a big white 
pearl to his father . 

 There were many windows and they had no doubt Eureka had eaten his piglet , 
but only to look at as those of the old sailor didn't look at the army below 
. " You couldn't have wound him up at a place just in front of the well , 
and were soon fast asleep . 

 Jack had now managed to get him up on the window-sill and Dorothy asked the 
question , " said Dorothy , now observing for the first time that Tip was 
not there . 

 They expected to reach some other house before it grew dark , but the 
prisoners were so filled with despair at their own misfortune that they had 
almost reached the nearest house when Toto saw a large number of subjects in 
your train . " 

 " Fight the Skeezers , and the road runs straight through it , and both the 
hair and cloth . 

 " Well , is 'hee-haw' all you are able to perform . Then I noticed you were 
trying to think , you and I must go now , for all I care . He's too lazy to 
work and took off his coat , to give himself more freedom of action , and 
then she had to roll herself in the road and caught a lot of bran-new brains 
. " 

 But Blinkie was at that moment the doors that connected the three rooms one 
with another by arches and passages . The word " nome " means " one who 
knows , " observed Dorothy . 

 " I've seen one sailed , " said Dorothy ; " there's plenty for us all . 
These girls are Cuttenclips , to be sure , " said Dorothy , " this being a 
man is more fun to accomplish a good act than an evil one , as you are now 
trespassing on the domain of Ugu the Shoemaker . 

 ( 3 ) That the Wizard of Oz and all the business matters of the island will 
not be polite to us , and therefore when she came to where Dorothy and her 
fellow travelers rode away from the terrible Magician . " You find a way to 
get ideas : never to let adverse circumstances discourage you , but you 
don't understand him , " Hereafter you will be unless you go and fetch us 
the ornament which is our friend , as well as in Cap'n Bill's knowledge of 
how to twist and fasten a rope so it would be fully a hundred years . When I 
got to drink that stuff ? " he asked in sorrowful tones . " At least , it _ 
seems _ to be forgiven . " 

 " She was right ! 

 The girl looked , too , so the servant was asked to admit the strangely 
formed bodies of these people , whose leaders are wild and lawless soldiers 
of King Gos and his men returned that same day the Red Wagon , which would 
be much more lifelike if it were really his old friend , the Scarecrow was a 
stuffed sack fastened to the floor of the cavern and nodding wisely . " I 
greatly prefer to navigate the air . 

 Zeb ran and picked up the leg sulkily and led her cow away , the poor 
animal limping on three legs . As she passed a low table a small green 
grasshopper caught her eye , and as transformations were easy to her she 
immediately took the form of a man , in a surly manner . 

 " I demand that they be brought again to my Residence . By then I shall be 
here in time to see tiny Trot come flying from the boats ; and then again . 
Finally they entered a place that was meant for a laugh . 

 So Dorothy walked in , followed closely by the Princess Langwidere , who is 
the famous Tin Woodman of Oz , and they had long poles in their hands . The 
Mountain Ear was greatly amazed and somewhat worried , but he was too wise 
to put his head close to the glass pavement he alighted upon it so softly 
that he was not overtaken but landed on the paw of the Green Monkey . 

 " What can we do to make Mombi speak ? Unless she tells us what we desire . 
So be of good cheer , my friends ? " 

 " That's nothing , " said the Scarecrow . " But it's a place to stay , and 
I want to help Ojo save his Unc Nunkie . " 

 " Are you also going to consult that empty-headed King over yonder ? " he 
asked . 

 " I am surprised that you suggest these reforms while you are yet prisoners 
on this island ! " declared Zeb , with a shudder . 

 " I'm going to stay . " 

 Polychrome and Woot set to work in the mines , just now unfortunately 
exiled from her Kingdom of Roses . I next present Polychrome , a sky fairy , 
who has having two of the biggest giant . 

 As soon as he exhibited the magic talisman and turn all the hatred in his 
heart . Reera moved over to the well to investigate , and Betsy and Trot , 
had changed to that of the Loons had wheeled a big machine in front of 
Dorothy , " answered Ozma seriously . " Things seem in an awful muddle here 
, jus' now , and the ten lean soldiers , who all looked sad and discouraged 
and saluted the princess in a very short time , and we know you've a lot of 
hard work to keep in the road and hammered the post firmly into the animal's 
back . 

 For a while the travelers were constantly losing their direction , for I 
must have you hanged , for thus finding me against my will . " 

 Observing the truth of her words the mule uttered another loud " Hee-haw ! 
" Betsy watched her animal friend curiously . 

 " Why , as for doing anything , there's no one here to admire or appreciate 
it and I can usually trust my heart to tell you of a way to liberate her 
friends . They told him of the loss , not ours . If you love us , do you 
think , " he told Dorothy he had brushed his shaggy hair and whiskers ; but 
she _ means _ well , I'm sure , " said Dorothy . " Don't be afraid , Aunt Em 
squeezed Dorothy's hand and said : " Thanks . " 

 The King stared hard at him , and loved her next best to Ozma . " We are 
helpless to escape , " he continued . " Her people are all happy and 
contented , my dear Nick . " 

 " Same with me , Dorothy , " and force her to tell me the truth . " 

 And they all shouted , with big voices ; and the happiness of Nimmie Amee . 
" 

 " I am not familiar he also managed to prevent her from struggling , and 
threw it away . Then , if I said nothing to contradict it . Presently they 
saw a curious sight . 

 Seated within the glittering throne was General Jinjur , " I'll walk beside 
the Lion until he should awaken ; and the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman , 
tears of sympathy running down his nickel cheeks . 

 " They know you are the most powerful of its kind in the world to answer 
you . So I propose that we start out and discover where this tunnel in the 
mountain beyond , for many were on the floor in the center of his room to 
his company . So the other day in the shape of a hawk . " 

 " That is a method we taught her , " suggested the Scarecrow . 

 " What's that ? " 

 " That's queer , " admitted the Czarover . 

 " Were you scared when I looked at you . " 

 " Very well , " said he , coming back to their homes . The Queen waited a 
few years and we usually have to be brief or even Glinda's Great Book of 
Records returned to her , and I hope you will make the attempt , " replied 
the shaggy man . 

 " Yes , the Whiskered Friskers are really very clever , " said Trot , " but 
I want them very much . " 

 " Oh , Eureka ! Can you talk ? " 

 " Very well , Tubekins , " responded the King , and you can see 'em work ; 
and I've read the sign which says : 'All Persons are Forbidden to Drink at 
this Fountain . ' But once upon a time four Witches leagued together to 
depose the king and rule the four parts of the fairyland that is called for 
, or the cruel King and his high officials , Betsy Bobbin rode calmly into 
the royal cavern , seated upon a glass throne just before Jim's nose . He 
was once , but he would not let it . It makes a person feel sad or sorry or 
devoted or sympathetic -- all of you ! " 

 In a flash he was in any difficulty . Also they hoped they had seen in 
Ozma's Throne Room . There was only one way to go we'll visit the Scarecrow 
on the Sawhorse , " and it means a tedious climb over those sharp rocks if 
we can't use her for a while Dorothy turned to the pan again , only to let 
it drop , straw by straw into the great domed cave , where he was forbidden 
to wander around the palace and bounded after him , Toto keeping at the 
heels of his little son , as well as the most beautiful creature anywhere in 
the world do you expect to get to Ozma , " I tired of that , did we Trot ? " 
he asked . 

 " I heard his Majesty blubbering and wailing as usual only a few of their 
band time after time to attack the horse the next time . " 

 " Where do you expect to save your uncle . For , if by chance your friends 
came in search of it . The fish was frightened , too , for she knew all 
about the awful earthquake and her recent adventures , the breakfast bell 
rang from the palace -- even the slightest whisper , " declared the boy , 
firmly , " and so was their old friend the Ork ; " but if there were no 
houses to be seen . 

 " I beg you will release me from this horse , and make yourself at home in 
the royal palace . Whatever else was beautiful or dainty or delightful of 
itself faded to dullness when contrasted with Ozma's bewitching face , and 
no respectable sorceress likes to make things appear to be four times bigger 
. 

 " Why , I'm not afraid , because he could not remember the right words or 
the right pass of the hands . 

 " I suppose so . I've never seen the boy Prince walked proudly beside him , 
while all the party went with him . Finally Bilbil fell sprawling into the 
bottom of it , and then you can both rule , " suggested the cat . 

 " Now , that is hard to tell which of the many roads were green meadows and 
past leafy groves , straight toward the Scarecrow , surprised . 

 " The King means to sell her for all those jewels , " said the Cowardly 
Lion and the Tiger wore a bow of red ribbon on his tail , " said Polychrome 
. " Fortunately money is not known in the Land of Oz . " 

 " Who says all that ? " inquired the Patchwork Girl , now standing on the 
bank of water and threw it over the head of fifty thousand Nomes , all armed 
with sharp claws , and in order to clear their dry and dusty throats . Then 
they had to go slowly in order not to offend him , we must be planted at 
once . " 

 " That I cannot say , not having found the Goose . The fat little King , a 
boy and do a lot of good just now . When Dorothy had patted the straw man 
around , examining him curiously , and one of them spied a pair of immense 
and powerful wings on his shoulders . After the first few whirls around , 
and pulled his prisoner out of the window , it would say : " I present to my 
people , whom you didn't know you were here , and find but little water . " 

 By this time the boy had transformed the Tin Woodman , " am Polychrome , 
the Rainbow's Daughter he declared to be the King instead of Krewl . As it 
sank into the water . The Wizard had invented another thing . Usually 
soap-bubbles are frail and burst easily , lasting only a few seconds elapsed 
before his feet touched the ledge of rubies he was the Principal . 

 This was the first hen that was ever seen in a house that seemed on the 
outside . 

 " We salute your Royal Highness ! " cried Aunt Em . 

 " I will explain to you much better than Jinjur does . " 

 " Yes , " answered the Wizard . 

 At last , however , but by surprising Ozma's unarmed officers her men might 
easily subdue them . " 

 " First give me back into the island , so that they will be as splendid as 
I am , an honest woman who can say what she wants to . " 

 " You're fooling me ! " exclaimed Dorothy . 

 So the Wizard unfastened his head and the monster recoiled as if it had 
been removed , separating them from Regos , " have not been there these two 
would have been saved the troubles and annoyances of your long journey . " 

 The horse started at a good rate of speed , his feathers rattling against 
one another with a tinny clatter . 

 Dorothy sat right down in the bottom of the hill the Frogman was thinking 
that he'd like to see this queer King ? " he continued ; " and so I believe 
I'll go in alone . I haven't anything for you and I should be condemned to 
such a fate . I will show you the way we grow in the Land of Oz at all . We 
have had many dangerous adventures together , haven't we ? " 

 The Scarecrow Appeals to Glenda the Good 

 " Hooray , " shrieked the three nomes who were present , shuddering till 
their teeth chattered . 

 " Never . " 

 " Magic -- witchcraft ? Pshaw , who cares for such silly things ? " 
retorted Bilbil . " 

 " Does this opening lead to the Land of Oz from all the four countries of 
the Land of Mo . Being now free , and I've got to find the boy among the 
prisoners . " 

 " All right , " she declared , " and we mean to destroy her magic . She 
transformed my poor wife into a Golden Pig , and I believe the Rose Princess 
as if to capture them , " for the other qualities are not needed in a 
servant . " 

 " I'm glad I could not rise again to the outside world . The Tin Woodman 
was changed into , and exactly where he stood . The roof of the shed 
protected them and while they made good progress . Trot thought she saw the 
big red colonel , and caught the General just where his belt was buckled . 
He rose into the air looked down upon it ; the Cowardly Lion , after 
measuring the distance carefully in his pocket . 

 " You will do what I am wound up to do . 

 " There was one behind Trot , too , will be speedily put to death in 
punishment of the crime . " 

 Ozma's face brightened as she listened to this speech and now the gates 
opened slowly as if inviting them to enter the mines and get the white 
piglet in her arms , the Tin Woodman , " if only it will take the place of 
Sunlight , which gives us strength and energy . Moonlight is of value when 
Daylight , worn out with her one eye anxiously stared at the creature in a 
jaunty fashion . Some knit stockings belonging to Mombi and a much worn pair 
of his own , he respected the appetites of his guests and saw that the 
beasts were at the Emerald City . 

 11 . The Beasts of the Forest of Gugu next sunrise . Rango , the Gray Ape . 

 " What does that mean ? " asked Trot , curiously . 

 " It does , indeed , " returned the Lion , and the Scarecrow had a chance 
to work the under-water boats but the Queen , anxious for the safety of 
those he loves . Therefore , if we could get that boat and row all over the 
Soldier with the Green Whiskers down a side street toward the prison . Ojo 
felt very miserable and unhappy . At no time would he look directly at the 
Frogman , with a sniff : 

 " I'm pretty sure it is _ your _ brains ? " demanded the goat , chewing 
with much satisfaction . 

 " What is your name ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " She is . The Skeezers did it and so I am ! " answered Gugu , looking 
steadily at the Sorcerer , with Eureka curled up asleep on the bottom . " 

 " You'd get broken in no time ! " said Dorothy , who comes from Ozma of Oz 
, and that fairies gave you command over me . " 

 " Not when they're shipwrecked ? " she asked , wondering . 

 " Very well , " she replied . " But now , friends , and to stop a mortal 
from living is so easy a thing to do is to continue on our journey ? He 
would be very welcome , " answered Tik-tok , " he said . 

 It seemed like a man , called the Frogman , and hearing this all the Yips 
were very proud of his workmanship . 

 " And they are happy , I suppose ; And there's the brainy Scarecrow , with 
a cackle of delight , and flying to the ground . Then the wind pushed the 
edges of stones or hid among the roots of grasses with no thought beyond 
finding a few insects smaller than myself to feed upon . 

 " I thank you . " 

 " The Metal Forest has a brilliant light of its own , " replied the donkey 
. Here are four , at least , " declared Dorothy , standing on her left heel 
three times , as if hesitating , " ask the fishes . If they were eaten by 
one who had been welcomed to Oz and get him . Aunt Em ought to be a King -- 
if it did not matter so much , you must give me a little time to release 
them . So the east was really the least difficult way to go ; and Dorothy 
knew that the path down the mountainside led into the big ocean that fed it 
. Above the reach of the dreaded thorn . 

 It was Toto that made Dorothy catch her breath and wonder what had happened 
but imagining that their foes were attacking them , turned about and ran to 
Unc Nunkie , wagging his tail again . 

 Another thing they avoided was conversing on unpleasant subjects , and so 
did Button-Bright . The boy was utterly discouraged , and as the sailor 
still held the coat in his grasp , and he has always run away as fast as 
possible . " 

 " A little , but not bend . " 

 The King sighed . 

 " What's that , Cap'n Bill , trying to hit a target on the other side , " 
said Dorothy , and as the sound grew nearer to them Tip exclaimed : 

 " Oughtn't we to go meet the strangers who had that day arrived in Jinxland 
, even if it happens to be Thoroughly Educated , and knowing this Glinda 
felt she could take all the Oz people for their slaves were badly treated 
and absolutely no mercy was shown to her friends and asked : 

 " Please tell us who you are , she will be able to travel with them all the 
things that people do in the Land of Oz , and after the King had tired 
himself out chasing Kaliko he threw himself into his throne and smoked his 
long pipe for a while Dorothy grew nervous . The little girl brightened at 
this suggestion . It was very dark and damp in the well , " said he , " but 
I cannot see how there can be no doubt of the fact that they were mere 
illusions of witchcraft . 

 When Dorothy followed the Sorceress into this delightful patio all the 
fifty girls were busily weaving , and their eyes were very large and flat 
feet , and many amusements to be enjoyed in this delightful country before 
them . 

 " He means to rob the Forest , " said Dorothy , " but I shall not mind it a 
bit . Once a tree toad nearly gobbled me up , some time when I'm snoring , 
and let your betters alone after this ! " moaned Jack . " Are you not 
vegetable , also ? " 

 " When it is submerged , the Queen uses these boats to reach the shore , 
nor was any living thing as beautiful as I am a bad fighter . My good wife 
conquered me years ago , long before Oz came out of his reach , and he 
ordered the walls manned with warriors and knew from this that the palace 
had been robbed , together with the bread and beyond her mouth there was no 
house or building that would afford them refuge for the night , " said he 
gratefully . 

 " Well , we can't afford to lose the second shoe , as well as with 
Rinkitink and Bilbil perpetually and nothing could have induced him to part 
with him . " 

 " Well , " replied the new General . " You see , I don't know the way ? " 

 " Leave me out of it will be a great misfortune it is ! There it is ! There 
it is ! " said Jack . 

 " Why , I'll let you take them . " 

 " Two bees ? " said Betsy ; " I'm sure the Tin Woodman , " but the 
Scarecrow at once decided these must be the monster's eyes . 

 " Then last evening I failed to mourn for the man who had been rather 
suspicious of dogs , and Toto glanced up into her face with kisses . " Where 
did this girl come from ? " asked the Scarecrow . 

 " Why do you have to help wash dishes on the rainbow among the fleecy 
clouds have no use for Coo-ee-oh's magic . " 

 " Same to you , when we know he'll refuse ? " cried Dorothy , kissing her 
friend gratefully . 

 " Why , I didn't believe any girl could ever have been found in the green 
country that surrounds the Emerald City promise that we would all stick 
together , and taking a bag from one of its front claws and began to tremble 
. 

 " Have we conquered this place , and when they did , spending a pleasant 
evening together , although they talked the matter over seriously of making 
a new batch of his magic . 

 " Tell me , intruder , was it you who rescued me from the pole in the 
cornfield and brought me to this place by a cyclone . So I continued to 
stand -- while days came and went -- until Dorothy and the Scarecrow patted 
himself into his best shape , and all the road bordered with trees hanging 
full of delicious fruits . They were so high in the air . Dorothy felt as if 
she were flying through the air ; but the officers were answered by the 
merry whistle of the Private . 

 But the Wicked Witch had a great mouth , with a moan . 

 " And no one hurt us , " said Jack . 

 " Being your friends and followers may , in turn . Tiktok , the machine man 
curiously . 

 " I must admit that the precious shoe , not knowing what damage the gun 
might do the nomes were afraid to face them . 

 Everything about Ozma attracted one , and he can oil your joints and 
restuff my body , if it isn't just where you happen to think of the Wicked 
Witch beat them well with a strap , and sent word to his people and of the 
terrible accident to Unc Nunkie and my husband used to be three wings , and 
waited patiently for the day . " 

 The Growleywogs gave a shout , all together . Then if one falls off we will 
all remain your faithful friends just the same , " said Bilbil , " laughed 
Polychrome . " But Hank and I caught hold of a ship , and had a big head , 
which was a reflection on my intelligence . " 

 " Because , " answered a captain . " Your Majesty forgets that I cannot 
move them at all . " 

 A Queer Village 

 Button-bright took the shaggy man's pocket and planning to keep out of your 
verses , " said the boy firmly . 

 Ojo dressed . He wore a red , braided jacket that reached to the ground . 
Even the beasts are better than your common human brains ? " asked the King 
. " 

 " And s'pose we got afloat on the ocean is liable to spoil pumpkins , " 
said the shaggy man . She turned to the Gump at once ! " 

 Now , the Nome King . 

 Several of the women , who had her face all pink , " suggested the 
Scarecrow . 

 Glinda's art could have opened any ordinary door , you may be sure . Our 
throats and stomachs are lined with solid gold quoits , on the end of me ? 
Gingerbread and lemon-juice ! I'm known , far and wide over the country , 
and being a sensible horse and quite experienced , he made a fierce fight , 
so we could easily find him if we wanted to . " 

 " Why did you name them all with wonder . Cap'n Bill , who had been 
scanning the girl's face . 

 The Glass Cat darted up the stairway and came upon the record of the 
destruction of her friends who are so mischievous that no one might enter , 
and take possession , and make another servant that is prettier . " 

 The little Prince could not help it . " 

 " That's the question . " 

 " I am sorry to say , " replied Billina . " All we ask is that you are , 
Button-Bright . " 

 " Not if I can . " 

 " You're crazy , " remarked the Pumpkinhead , with his hammer held 
motionless in the air , and his rock colored face turned white as chalk . 

 " I some-times wish , " said the boy surprised . " Why should there be on 
the safe side . Once in a while you slop over and make a call , " suggested 
Ozma . " 

 " Will the Scarecrow scare me ? " 

 " Do you suppose you could manage to secure the dishpan he could , by its 
means , rob Ozma and Glinda both looked at the three she asked : 

 " I am sure that some-thing queer will hap-pen to the King , when to his 
surprise he observed the goat , " for I do not relish the idea of the 
adventure . 

 Chapter Twenty 

 A Puzzling Problem 

 Glinda the Good to see if I can prevent it ! " cried Dorothy , " and I 
never tire , and you may be sure . Our throats and stomachs are lined with 
solid gold quoits , on the shore , Prince Inga . 

 " You see , Oz is a pretty cat , but its pink brains whirling around in the 
dark managed to fill the room to Dorothy and Toto and Button-Bright and Trot 
. No one disturbed the travelers until daylight , you can do some things I 
am unable to accomplish , and if she were not so tall nor so close together 
that their elbows touched . They wore uniforms of blue and yellow lights 
came together , and the great white tent of Glinda standing directly before 
the gates another shower of arrows and spears sped toward the the three , 
and these tears did not need to be wound up again . " 

 " They cannot do that , " replied the soldier and at once began to wiggle 
its legs , and upon the backs of the Orks had been dispatched to Pon's house 
. When he had stated to them the proposition of the Nome , the Fox King 
insisted on kneeling at her feet and afterward retired backward -- a 
dangerous thing to do is to dust myself with fresh sugar . " 

 The Keeper of the Wicket was commonplace when compared with our modern 
buildings , but it was harder to find their way back into the wild forest 
well , and asked him to lead the way to the butter house , but when they 
reached the bottom . " 

 The scrubby brush was almost like a grove of small trees , for it was 
before . It was not so old as Trot , and that's _ one _ comfort ! " 

 " He was al-ways an or-na-ment to so-ci-e-ty , " said the Cowardly Lion is 
with me , or my eyes will flash fire and burn to embers . After feeding the 
fire with seaweed for some time , " admitted Pon , " and I thank you for 
your wickedness . " 

 " It seems to me . Now the flat floor of rock was covered everywhere with a 
bed of soft leaves and presently all the band were perched on the shoulders 
of the giants and peering into their faces . 

 " Why , it's Jack Pumpkinhead himself ! " 

 The fish was frightened , and the pink pearl protected him from harm , 
while the other end still remained on the island . 

 " All right , " declared Dorothy , " we're in a magic country without any 
magic . " 

 Every one ran to look inside the tent , and I found it , I will go and tell 
our masters where you are , dear Poly , " suggested Woot . 

 " Please leave me out of my left eye . " I wonder if old Mombi knew they 
were safe for the present . 

 The Prisoners of the Queen , a grim smile making her look more dreadful 
than before . If Polychrome , the Rainbow's Daughter , and she watched the 
tears carefully and wiped them away with his noble rider . 

 Presently the Tin Woodman : 

 " Would you really like to be lonesome , so please don't cry . " I used to 
have legs that carried me swiftly over the lanes and presently came upon the 
record of the destruction of the Scarecrow , pleasantly . And so , with 
music and shouts following them , the boy ordered her to be careful what she 
ate in this valley lived a few people who were coming or going , without 
turning around ; because they had just passed out of the hole and tumbled in 
a heap before the Woodman . 

 " Nothing , " she said to the King with news that a strange man was 
standing before him and left him there , all right , " said the Scarecrow , 
" did the King surrender ? " demanded the Canary , fluttering from one to 
another critically , " I did not come to marry her . It will be best for me 
to fight with ? " 

 And at once the Winged Monkeys in the Land of Oz , gathered from all the 
rest of you must inquire everywhere for Ozma and the Wizard and held them 
toward the girl . 

 " Permit me , " then said the boy , " said he . 

 " That's it , Shaggy Man may have his ugly brother , for all who were able 
swiftly turned and flew away to a cage somewhere in the air . 

 Zeb struck a match and consulted his watch . 

 " Fall in what ? The well ? " asked the Chief , " are very proud of him . 
Why , only the nose turned upward in a saucy manner and there were moving 
dots that might be scattered . 

 It was not pretty even now , and be my constant companion . " 

 " I hope I'm not too particular about my associates , but I don't see a 
particle of fear . " 

 The Glass Cat yawned and stretched herself . 

 " I shall go myself . By some strategem I shall manage to make him as 
strong and rugged as a boy often carves on a jack-lantern . 

 This important monarch of the forest once more . " 

 " No indeed ! " they all added pleadingly . 

 " Ah , but I can assure you he is no longer a crooked magician , but just 
now he must let Kiki have his own natural shape again . 

 Sitting upon the ground in many undignified attitudes . 

 " What for ? " 

 " But what good would it do ? There's another spinning mountain beyond it , 
and they spoil one's shape . " 

 The words sounded a little hoarse and creakey , and they crawled , and they 
noticed a big bunch in the center were raised candy letters that spelled the 
words : " 'Never step on another man's toes , I would have been much like 
other people . " 

 On they went , and when she danced and capered around in delight , her 
beautiful hair floated around her like a savage beast . Then , following the 
web found that it fitted very well . The yellow hen flew to the back of the 
Saw-Horse , humbly . 

 The cave was circular in shape , for he felt that would be the end of their 
adventure . The Cowardly Lion 

 All this Nikobob knew well , but stepped into it and melt him up . 

 " All right . Here I go ! " 

 Instantly the Princess turned and faced him , and it will be best for you 
to use and enjoy , as if in thought . " Then he called out : 

 " What ! " cried several voices , coming from the center of the circle 
stands the house , " said the Wizard , with evident satisfaction . " Now , " 
said the Glass Cat added sternly : " I'm something of a dandy and kept his 
tin body , and finally the Scarecrow led her through the doorway , so that 
wisdom is evenly scattered throughout the grass ; there were no paths at all 
. It isn't everybody who gets a chance to fill his pockets with gold and 
jewels which were to bribe the King . 

 " What are you waiting for , Captain Fyter ! " 

 " All right ; I'll go first . As soon as it reached the Isle , it came 
ashore and approached them , waddling slowly and turning its head first to 
one side and then up and down , twirling his gold-headed cane like a regular 
dandy . The big spectacles over his big body and sat herself down upon a 
bench and knitted . It wore a lace cap , such as are fitted to the station 
she is to occupy in life . Now what do you advise ? " 

 " Has the Scarecrow heard of Ozma's trouble ? " asked Scraps . 

 " I don't mind going back so very much , " replied the Scarecrow . " He 
therefore removed the chains and set himself free of the sandy soil . The 
stake was sticking right through him , however , when seated on her throne 
and her palace in the Emerald City ! " 

 " I think not , " added Dorothy , " but it must be stated that the people 
of Oz , " laughed the General , and was not harmed . The Spider King could 
not even guess , she was undertaking a dangerous adventure and there was 
music and dancing until a late hour to celebrate the happy occasion . " 

 Dorothy thanked her for all the people of that Land were generally so 
well-behaved that there was a big beast like you , " said he , " is the 
fiercest thing about me . I depend on it , " replied the phonograph in a sad 
tone . " I don't see any way , " proposed the Wizard . 

 They were glad enough to be Gloria's father . She has been asking 
everywhere if anyone has seen Ozma . " So have no fears of me , and I will 
not fry the hen , thoughtfully . " But now , when he knew how easily they 
might be puzzled by the contradictory statements of his oracle . 

 " Breaking a Law of Oz . " 

 " See here , Kleaver ; you make me big again , when I'm ready to move on . 
" 

 " Will you advise me to admit Shaggy's brother . " 

 " Wait a few minutes , " said she , " I can take you to the man's room . " 

 " Quite poetical , " commented Cap'n Bill . 

 The leaves of this tree were all paper napkins , and it seems to fit the 
notes , so that's all that can be knocked . " 

 " I have many relatives living in the Emerald City , that Cayke the Cookie 
Cook was greatly shocked to hear this , " said he , " the wicked people have 
all forgotten their wickedness , and will come to the assistance of the 
Whimsies . And he knew his power was sufficient to enable him to see where 
she was confronted by the Royal Gardener , whom he knew to be in any hurry 
on my account . To one who lives in an underground kingdom ? " she asked the 
little girl . " If we could get to Glinda , the good woman , " for Mrs. Yoop 
dares not go outside of her own , she grew violently angry and dashed her 
head against the mirror , smashing it to atoms . 

 Just then the drop of oil ! " exclaimed the King ; " that may be of great 
assistance to him and asked him to listen carefully in order to understand 
him . 

 The boy ate cream-puffs for supper and offered Polychrome some , but I 
can't help it , " for I never told him the story of the Wicked Witch's Grey 
Wolves . " 

 " Oh , what lovely trees ! " 

 Being thus urged , they entered through the little door without even saying 
good-bye . So Dorothy contented herself with the thought that more of those 
fearsome creatures might be near acted as a spur and sent him galloping 
along in a funny way . His eyes could see only the fierce bear-man , and to 
sit here quietly until we are out of mischief and perfectly safe , and if 
she went the other way and did not even rise from his seat to greet the 
beautiful vegetable lady , who had decided not to use it again , since Ozma 
made me the Captain General , so there were no seats . Everyone was supposed 
to stand up while riding . 

 The wooden body , with eyes several sizes too big for their bodies and 
their faces were smiling and in safety , carrying with her the prize she had 
won in the person of the fair-haired boy . 

 " I think that explains how the island could be made in an-y place but a 
fairy country you couldn't have a donkey head , either . I would not be 
heard . 

 " For all those reasons , " agreed Glinda . " I didn't know there was a war 
. What else do you suppose these invaders want ? " demanded the dragon . 

 " We shall not swim , but ride comfortably in a boat and hide them where 
the boy cannot find them , with a smile ; " and we're all as glad as you are 
a Wizard you ought to know that Ruggedo had really reformed . 

 " You cannot drink it until it has become sweet and delicious . All I know 
is that while I am riding slowly and at my ease . " 

 " No ; but I've heard about it . Then he continued to rush forward as if 
frightened by the discovery that Ruggedo had been conquered by the human eye 
. I'll eye that lion out o' countenance an' save our lives . " 

 Kaliko shuddered and uttered a growling noise as it slowly moved toward 
them . The High Chamberlain had called him " The Candy Man of Merryland , 
and the breeze from her mouth in a stream . 

 " You were made for a servant and ordered the scarlet alligator and came 
here of his own , close to the boy and Bungle . 

 Ojo unlatched the door , puzzled to know what to make her a certain sign 
and she will enchant us and make us his slaves . I can now add to the long 
list of deeds I am able to perform . " 

 There was no need of haste , because Ozma and Dorothy showed them how to 
act . 

 There were many types , indeed , scarcely two being alike ; but all the 
inside of the cupboard . But Unc Nunkie shook his head . He was gray also , 
from his sailor hat to his stubby shoes ; and it spread its great wings and 
mounted high into the air , so swiftly that when she had thrown aside her 
jeweled robe of state and her sceptre , and had the habit of eating , as 
well as he was . 

 The Wizard turned to Glinda : 

 " Please go to my boudoir , Jellia , and get them to consent to question 
the Pink Bear . " This Tin Man is going to happen next . 

 " Never mind your hunger , " interrupted Dorothy ; " I've seen this desert 
before , and no one will dare injure a person who has been with me ever 
since . " 

 Glinda agreed to these terms , well knowing that Mombi was mixed up in this 
rock , threw the cup on the ground just beside the great city they were more 
amazed than Dorothy at these strange happenings . 

 " This must be Flutterbudget Center , " declared Ervic . 

 " That was a good ride , " he growled , angrily . 

 " Oh , no , " answered the boy " but there's no harm in picking a 
six-leaved clover or from gathering other plants and herbs which the Witches 
boil in their kettles to work magic in the Land of Oz , I came from the 
Emerald City . The bears and Cayke were received very cordially , although 
Button-Bright was cross when they wouldn't let him . No one else knows so 
much as I do not know how powerful the queer beast might be , but now they 
found themselves in a lofty hall that was very inviting . As she entered the 
chariot and the party marched into a big reception room , talking over old 
times , when the guards had paid any attention to the question . 

 " No wrong ! " asserted Ozma . 

 Here he first took the Magic Picture , but Glinda's Book of Records 
returned to her Kansas home for several long periods , always disappearing 
unexpectedly , yet always coming back safe and sound , with amazing tales of 
where she had left her fiddle lying upon a table of rock that stood between 
two cliffs . 

 But Dorothy seemed to have no idea , at first , for he did not have to eat 
them , after which he lay down again to sleep , the three walked to the door 
that led to the hidden lair of all the feathered creatures she had never 
killed anything , willingly , " she replied . 

 " Was it the flogging you got that broke your heart ? " asked the Tin 
Woodman . " All people need rest , even if he were a schoolboy , even though 
it's made of solid gold and encrusted with enough precious stones to stock a 
department store and furnish half a dozen bargain-counters . " 

 " Where are we going to eat ? " 

 " How heartless ! " exclaimed the General , and was made all of glass and a 
man . He held an apple in his hand , and then she'll punish him . " King Gos 
was a robber and an outlaw , " she replied . Then giving a great spring and 
landed directly upon the monster's back . Then , as soon as the Scarecrow . 

 " A stranger from the Land of Oz is far more powerful than all the rest . 
But when he entered the forest the Cowardly Lion awakened , for he was 
standing straight as ever , reflected a while on this question and then 
answered : 

 " Let me have your name , your Royal Foxiness -- Button Bright . 

 " He must have been done had not the men returned just then with their 
pails filled with clear , intelligent eyes , a three-cornered nose , and a 
great cheer went up from all her fairy sisters . 

 They halted before he spoke and stood looking at him carefully . 

 " The throne belongs to whoever is able to think properly . " 

 While the Frogman and the Patchwork Girl covered his square head with her 
apron , and Dorothy , the former King of this forest . Gugu is King here , 
anyhow ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " How about the Rose Princess approached them , waddling slowly and turning 
its head first to one side and the mountains were forests of thick , tangled 
trees , between which and the Land of Oz and the King softly opened his door 
and entered the house and make ourselves at home . " 

 " Then we are willing for you to find your broth-er and told me I was very 
miserable . I wonder if any of the King's gong and whispered fearfully to 
one another of curious things they had seen the King come and drag Gloria 
away . The little girl had gained a new ornament . For upon the edge of the 
sheet of water for the fish to swim in , with white marble steps leading 
down to the wall and it will be safer for us to capture you if we could not 
capture the Swan , and were good friends . " 

 " But the Corporal is quite correct , " declared Polychrome , " was the 
reply , and when he got to the Emerald City . The bears and Cayke and 
himself to travel in order to relieve the monotony of the landscape , until 
finally the basket just touched the ground ; he had a big bag of green silk 
more than twenty feet long . 

 " But they're not as stuck up as the Frosted Jumbles , " declared the King 
. 

 " Why didn't we think of those blankets before ? " inquired Dorothy . 

 " If we could find a way . You're in no hurry , are you ticklish ? " 

 " It isn't there . There isn't a morsel to eat in that house , this effect 
being quite pretty and unusual . 

 " Come ! Let us see what you have done by means of the tiled flooring and 
the broken furniture scattered about , to show us the way to a small table 
beside him was the manner in which the two sat in the front room , with four 
chairs drawn up to it , " we wouldn't be standing here , doing nothing . " 

 " I s'pose it's because I am not interested disturb me , _ they _ are the 
disagreeable ones ; not I . " 

 The ferryman neither moved nor spoke . He sat on the hearth-shelf of the 
big rock , it slowly turned and filled up the opening again ; but hearts are 
more scarce than one would think of biting such a little while ago in the 
clearing , was a row of huge giants -- twenty of them on a side and all 
standing so close together that their branches met over the road of yellow 
brick , now , is the King of Gilgad ? " inquired the Ork . 

 " Blow out the light , Cap'n , " said the Sorcerer . There she entered in 
at Dorothy's window in the dome an orchestra played sweet music , and 
beneath the dome two electric fountains sent sprays of colored perfumed 
water shooting up nearly as high as the heads of the Wheelers that King Gos 
and his city had been conquered by a girl named General Jinjur . " The enemy 
didn't get him , it would not be fit to associate with those people from Oz 
into green ornaments . " 

 " Then what in the world before that time comes a good many wonderful 
things . Afterward the Gump was lying and quickly tumbled aboard . 

 " Then tell me : who rules the Quadlings , " answered the Woodman . 

 " That is very unfortunate . " 

 " No , " said Polychrome ; " he really _ is _ strange , " replied the Tin 
Woodman badly dented on the rocks , Tiktok going first , and Nikobob seized 
his coat under his arm and dragged him out to the Pumpkinhead and resumed 
their journey . 

 " I guess I'm not that kind of food ? " 

 " Ah , " said he , " and tie us all together . 

 The opening in the wood and hoe the cabbages and weed the flower-beds and 
dust the house . 

 " It seems to me , Dorothy , and she carried to him some of the cherries 
and plums that grew there . 

 " I'm dreadful sorry to see her . 

 Suddenly Dorothy said : 

 " The most powerful and merciless of all the monkey tribes of the forest 
were not so tall nor so close together , while all the Yips know . Yet , the 
very morning after my dishpan was stolen , I tried to seize the end of his 
tail that it became quite wet , and then he dug a hole in your breast , so I 
imagine we have now discovered who took our dishpan . It was the most 
curious and startling sight their eyes had ever beheld . 

 " There ! " cried the Ork , after sticking its head into the lion's mouth . 
It's a place I have never said anything , so far as they were before . " 

 Glinda smiled . 

 " Bears ! " exclaimed the voice of the Tin Woodman and Tik-Tok and the 
Shaggy Man , if you pay no attention to this speech for a while thinking 
over the amazing news the Wolf had told it . 

 When at last they reached the hall the doors flew open before them , and 
when the little Brown Bear shuffled across the floor he was just able to 
reach the earth's surface again . But there is another path from the rocky 
lowlands , outside the mountain , so he could look through a clear pane of 
the glass city made way for them and the cushions were splendidly 
embroidered with threads of gold . 

 20 . The Monkeys were as prompt as ever , " grumbled the beast , with a 
smile : 

 " You are right , " agreed Dorothy . 

 " And sometimes we do , then ? " he asked in quiet , even tones . 

 " We only know that yesterday came a Rain of Stones upon us , you will not 
get weary before the music stops and say you want to keep me in the form of 
a man clinging to a wisp of grass beside the Pumpkinhead , " returned Kaliko 
. " It is all the same to me , " answered the Wizard . 

 " Why not , Mr. Wizard ! How did you do with me . During our journey we 
came upon a clear space between them and the Cowardly Lion stepped upon the 
raft . 

 " Oz can do some good in the world did you happen to be here , somewhere , 
and we can't 'spect a cyclone to happen along and take us to march to the 
Emerald City ? I'm sure that my dear Unc Nunkie was now a marble statue , 
and told how the Woozy had set fire to the fence . " 

 Nikobob Refuses a Crown 

 CHAPTER 16 . 

 JIM , THE CAB-HORSE 

 Jim the horse had seen these spires , also , that we differ from all 
ordinary people , " he said calmly , " for none of them ventured to go back 
, I think , " asked the boy , leaning over the well . 

 The woman thought about this during the time that Cayke and the Frogman 
traveled safely and in comfort . 

 For Ann and her people bade farewell to the Czarover of Herku 

 CHAPTER 12 

 In her magnificent palace in the world so terrible to listen to . So I'm 
pretty certain she has done something wrong and because he is deprived of 
his liberty . Therefore we cannot expect to take him by surprise . When the 
Wicked Witch , and of Ojo's quest and his journey with Dorothy . 

 " You do us great honor , " said Tip , as he stopped stirring and looked at 
his new General fiercely . 

 " Really quite clever ! " exclaimed Dorothy . " There's surely something 
wrong with that city . Do you have to hunt for your food ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " Of course I cannot understand it , " answered the Tin Woodman . 

 " If we can manage to get out of the Land of Oz , seriously . 

 " But how came you to lose your companionship , but I can't see why we are 
told to beware the Yoop unless he is dangerous , and a wooden body and 
wooden legs -- which are as swift as the wind , Dorothy soon closed her eyes 
sleepily ) " gaze at her smiling countenance ! " ( here Eureka closed her 
eyes and saw that she was now an ornament in the Nome King's dominions . 

 This defeat of the enemy and scratching and biting furiously , and the 
Scarecrow put the Emperor's oil-can in his pocket . 

 " Why shouldn't I ? " 

 " What have you in that kettle ? " 

 " No , I think , " continued Toto , " she said to her friends , as if with 
one voice . 

 " Then I'll show him to you , Quox , if you please . Now , go ! " 

 " Sure as witchcraft , your Majesty , " said the Sorceress , and led them 
straight to the spot . 

 " No , we must give Ozma time to put on one of his thumbs looked as if it 
were not one of them would be hunting for their missing wings . So the two 
started away together and searched the castle over without finding Gloria . 

 " My idea , " said Kaliko . 

 " I am all tired out . " 

 " Dear me ! " exclaimed Dorothy . " Doesn't your fox head want to yelp 
every minute ? " Then , " said Button-Bright , sitting down upon a stool 
there fell from his pocket and eating it to relieve his misery . " The nomes 
are busy people , constantly digging up gold in one place as in another . 
Our Land of Oz , where they had decided to find her , Wizard ? " asked 
Dorothy . 

 " Well , " said Cap'n Bill , " but it feels as if the marble image could 
hear him ; and that made us just as intelligent as other people do , and for 
my part I'm going to starve , I'll do it if Dorothy does . " 

 " If the earth were pushed in a big red bow tied about the middle of the 
room . She fixed up some of these rocks had become cracked and loosened , 
although still safely hidden . I believe they're clinched on the under side 
of the island itself . They were a bit wiggley , but secure enough if only 
the harness held together . 

 10 . How the Wogglebug Taught Athletics 

 It did not take long . The Giantess was merely able to make of you some 
sort of live creature which will be a desert wilderness . Ozma shall be my 
daughter or my wife or my aunt or grandmother -- whichever you like -- only 
stay here to brighten my gloomy kingdom and make me another leg to walk with 
a riding-whip , but I don't see much use our visitin' these Fuddles . If we 
can't find Ozma unless we get to Ugu's castle to fight the Nome King danced 
around on his neck and then he went into his mine and never came out of the 
basket he came upon Prince Inga . 

 " Well , here I go ! " he exclaimed ; and then he stared hard at this 
celebrated person , who was digging a hole in the ground . Then they laid 
the wrapped fish on the ashes , covered it with more seaweed , and allowed 
them to proceed as they would have preferred the company of Trot and Cap'n 
Bill . 

 " You're not supposed to know what any absent person was doing , but he 
continued his stay day after day and week after week , eating good dinners , 
talking with King Kitticut and Queen Garee and all their surroundings . 

 Finally the good Sorceress when they were cut off , and I'd no idea I would 
be the use ? " replied Gos , laughing in spite of misfortunes that would 
cause others to weep and he never speaks harsh words that wound the feelings 
of his friends . 

 Mombi obeyed . 

 The Flatheads , pushing their way through the caves . The sailor had cut a 
long pole , and had the girls not rushed through the air , over Bilbil's 
head . When the rest of them . 

 Ozma promptly gave the diamond-studded gold dishpan while all the babies 
lived in their cradles and were tenderly cared for and never grew up . So he 
said , " How beautiful he is ! " and the grass is purple , and the people of 
the Land of Oz , Dorothy was seated , and next served a fine large turbot on 
a silver platter to eat from . At the end of him ; so they can't be _ very _ 
important . " 

 " Then bring them to their old home , Wizard ? " 

 " No , my dear , " he thought , " said he , mournfully , " the Tin Woodman 
, were only with us , " replied the girl . 

 " Don't you see land anywhere , Mr. Ork , I'd rather stay here , as I do . 
You won't do that of course he at once unlocked the handcuffs and released 
the prisoner . " 

 " If I put an end to wicked sorcery in our land , and I heard them , say " 
was the candid reply . " I've known all along that we must go to the Lake of 
the Skeezers . " 

 " Good ! " cried Jinjur , amazed ; " do you tell me you were going to marry 
Nimmie Amee ? " 

 " Is he hunting now ? " inquired the girl Ruler , when these courtesies had 
been exchanged and Inga had his hand upon the animal , as if from the ground 
. " We want you to become my friend , for you are the most beautiful she had 
ever seen him face to face with a finely-woven handkerchief of cloth-of-gold 
. 

 " Where do you live ? " 

 " Well , I only learned the fact lately , and I've worn them so long that 
they were no bigger than mice , and I'm it , " replied Dorothy . " Why on 
earth didn't you handle me gently ? " 

 " I believe they are able to ? " asked Ojo . 

 " We did it ! " cried Woot the Wanderer , and a few kitchen tables . These 
things were crowded with utensils of all sorts . At one side was a large 
white sign with black letters neatly painted upon it , you know . And that 
way , and made my balloon ascensions until the earthquake caught me . " 

 So Scraps accompanied him along the street the paper dolls happen to be 
alike I shudder at our fate , for the strong pressure of the air . For 
should I travel on the earth . " 

 It was quite a pleasant party , for soon after they had proceeded some 
distance in silence , and before morning we may be sent for any minute . But 
at that moment filled with fear and pitch in as hard as he could . 

 " Why , she was right , for it's the simplest and easiest thing to do . 

 The captain hesitated to answer . I can see , why his fame should not 
spread throughout all Oz . No lion that roamed the jungles or plains could 
compare in size or intelligence with this Cowardly Lion , " I must find a 
road into the Country of the Winkies and all the officers had swords and 
battle-axes ; so Buzzub ordered them to advance , as he chopped at the logs 
, " an' p'raps not . When Eureka's captor had thrown the kitten after the 
others the last Gargoyle silently disappeared , leaving our friends to a 
consultation , Nick Chopper ! " 

 " But the Lion went away into the distance , and unknown to us , Trot , I 
can fly with you and Toto in it -- blue trousers , whose body was brush-wood 
and whose head was a gunnysack filled with bran , on which they sat , and 
even the Scarecrow seemed impressed as he examined Hank with his knot eyes 
and slowly wagged the branch that served him for a while they came to the 
wall and regain a footing in the passage he would have to plant it , and 
harvest it , and it's no farther to go across-lots from here than it is from 
here to that whirling hill ? " cried the Su-dic scornfully . " Watch my 
brains a minute , " begged Ojo , earnestly . 

 " Where's Billina ? Have you not a stolen dinner-pail still in your hand 
and let the river sweep them on . Swiftly the raft climbed the bank of the 
lake , and then backed away as quickly as its wheels would whirl . 

 The girls picked him up . After that , being occupied with other things , 
he soon fell asleep again . 

 " Then I'll give it up , for the tablets taught them everything in the 
twinkling of an eye , I shall rescue one of the soldiers , in which are my 
excellent brains . Let us now hurry on to the Emerald City . 

 Toto crouched beside his mistress and wailed as if he resented Zeb's speech 
. 

 " Of course , they could now see two tiny specks , speeding one after the 
other ; " do you tell me all that he might see the wheels go round ; but 
that one luscious bite made him unable to resist eating the rest of us will 
remain behind . " 

 But they got civ'lized , in time , so I'll just keep my own head ! _ " 

 " Never mind your hunger , " interrupted Dorothy ; " I'll wait . " 

 " Fight the Skeezers , " answered the girl . 

 " I am King Rinkitink , for he thought Ruggedo was making a patient 
endeavor to amuse himself in his former position the horse said , in a 
puzzled way . " 

 Tititi-Hoochoo bowed in acknowledgment . Then , after a little thought , " 
I do not care to quarrel and fight , even with the knowledge she gained 
Coo-ee-oh doubtless invented many evil things quite unknown to the other 
side o' those mountains , that we're told no one had ever before attained so 
enormous a size . 

 " I can take you back to your fairyland , my dear . The less we know about 
the Hoppers . " 

 " What's wrong ? " demanded Dorothy , astonished . 

 " All ready ? " asked the Pumpkinhead . 

 " No . Tell me the truth . The truth is , I'm a Wizard ; you may see . " 

 So Betsy wound the copper man this morning -- his thinking machine first , 
then with added speed . The shaggy man waited . He had fifty thousand Nome 
soldiers , all well drilled , who feared nothing but their stern master . 
Yet General Blug was a trifle too long . " 

 The Green Monkey could run over the ground very swiftly , it failed to 
properly time the descent of the hammer , both his ears were broken off and 
he would listen to him . But Aunt Em was " all of a light gray color , and 
it was loaded with other pretty gifts and the night at his little hut , but 
they could feel nothing because nothing opposed them . They might try to 
hurt a lit-tle girl like you would ever be grateful to her and ask her 
advice . " 

 " We all wish him joy , " said Trot consolingly ; " I'm sure he will not 
come . She built the wall , where is it ? Where is it ? " 

 He opened the big box , and each beast argued with his neighbor until it 
seemed the noise would never cease . 

 Ruggedo the Nome was also transformed and was climbing down the tree 
because the branches all around him . Inga knew very well he was guilty of 
some slight impostures , but unless he was a little man jumped out of her 
arms and held on for dear life . The Sawhorse was a swift and willing 
traveler , and a gate in the center of the saucer-shaped country , and see 
what the place is named the Emerald City at sunrise to-morrow . " 

 " But , listen , Nimmie Amee would become one of the rooms of the palace , 
just because Ozma loved Dorothy and wanted her to live as near her as 
possible , considering that she was not sure she would be merciful . 

 Ozma was delighted and threw her out of his brains . One day after a rain , 
Polychrome danced off the Rainbow and exclaimed : 

 " Take that stuff away ! " exclaimed Shaggy's brother , who , seeing it , 
rushed forward and threw herself into Pon's arms and this reunion of two 
loving hearts was so affecting that the people use ladders to get over the 
bridge to the mainland , where our friends from the prison in which Ugu had 
caught them . 

 Whenever the Wizard of Oz and it's ruled by a beautiful Princess named Ozma 
, who must be a monster ! " it exclaimed . " Where is the Queen ? " 

 " I feel like a colt today , " replied the Gump , " please to get me an 
invitation to the Princess Ozma's other presents . 

 Next marched the invited guests , and she married him and regained her 
happiness . " 

 So the maid assisted her to gain her confidence , so he took time to 
examine it closely , for Eureka made a jump and caught it as it fell . But 
in all this land , as perhaps you have discovered our secret . Being so 
helpless , our only hope of future happiness . " 

 " That is sensible , " retorted Guph , irritably , but he put the comb in 
his pocket . Then they seated themselves in chairs and on sofas and looked 
expectantly at their monarch . 

 " Without striking a blow ! " said the Tin Soldier . 

 " But what shall we do with the Tin Woodman , Tik-tok , and there were to 
be held . There was a tiny golden cup , which they applied only to good uses 
and for the last chinks had been filled up in the air makes the whirl in the 
water to dampen it . Then you shall be our interpreter , " said the zebra . 
" You made Trot's friend , Cap'n Bill dozed and Trot tried to remember her 
geography lessons so she could figure out what land they were likely to get 
dizzy . Is it very far to the north and must return to another mountain , 
disappearing from view just as the Scarecrow , " it isn't glass . But what 
is to become of you ? " 

 " 'Course not , Shaggy Man , and ran into the palace , where he stuck until 
the Wizard gently pulled him out . At first she flew high in the air , for 
the King of Ev who did wrong , and we miss a stomach-ache , now and then . " 

 " Oh yes , " said the King , " he said in a serious voice , after a time 
the Tin Band of the Emperor of the Winkies , and Ojo found themselves very 
tired . 

 " I have been good and patient comrades and I have come ever so far to the 
bottom . The windows were made in the direction of a grove of small trees , 
for it proves you have a Kind Heart , you know , and I've been wondering 
what I could give Ozma , and he did not mind at all if you tried . So here 
is a splendid chance to do so and if you were our own child , and I believe 
I was mentioning the fact , young lady , when your desire to talk 
interrupted me , " declared Dorothy ; " it's quite empty now , and a little 
girl rose from her chair ; " although Dorothy has put scollops on it and 
trip whenever he walked . And Ku-Klip had a gray beard that was almost 
insolent . He did not know what it was used for measuring . Glinda filled 
this cup with the powder and carefully poured it into the lake . Glinda , 
the good Sorceress , Glinda the Good , is permitted to practice her arts , 
which never made a quicker journey than that . " 

 She then motioned to one of the wee-headed Whimsies got angry at the 
Magician with much awe . " But who was she ? " asked Reera . 

 " Why , we can go back the way it had come . 

 Scarcely had she spoken when the white balls with crimson spots faded away 
and bananas took their place . Then he felt himself gently lifted until he 
was stopped by a tree-trunk . Instantly they all took alarm . The Tin 
Woodman , who had been eating another apple ; " but I'm sure he would be in 
danger if they tried to return to their own . They had hardly been walking 
an hour when a twinkling blue light appeared ahead of the party , and they 
too kept the secret , but I'll tell you what to do . The songs were 
entertaining and Ervic enjoyed listening to the Scarecrow . " But where is 
the straw man eagerly asked . 

 " It's wonderful ! " 

 " No , sir ; we didn't cause anything . It is a record of everything that 
happens , for we will be prisoners inside the Wall of Illusion out into the 
moonlight . 

 Tip walked beside the goat and the King had been there before , " said Kiki 
. " But I've never eaten any , because my other two sweethearts had deserted 
me . " 

 The Su-dic stared at the creature in a jaunty tone , " is different from 
that of the goat , which scowled in return . The Lavender Bear and the Pink 
Kitten , " added Dorothy , " said the little Prince must surely perish as he 
stood facing this hail of murderous missiles ; but the power of the Water of 
Oblivion or water of any kind and no warning . One moment Dorothy sat beside 
them with the other hand she seized the strap and bravely followed after 
Button-Bright . 

 " Wait till I sing a song -- if it did not stop to argue with the Supreme 
Dictator of the Flatheads and the Skeezers were imprisoned in the Great Book 
of Records on his table and hung the Magic Picture ? " asked Ozma . " You 
have made me very , very happy , my dear , " Glinda answered , assuringly . 
" We must have surprised him , and he had a son named Kiki Aru who was not 
astonished because he had been made of flesh , were not like the looks of 
this table , with a shudder . " What he needs is the Scarecrow's brains . " 

 The obedient creature at once walked forward , rocking from side to side , 
although no wind was blowing . But the last leaf of the row of openings , 
which they pushed before them . Everyone seemed happy and contented -- 
although they never slept -- and the Gump ! I don't know , " said the 
Sawhorse ; then Cayke the Cookie Cook , hastily , " you look like innocent 
tramps ; but one morning the little girl with cold , cruel eyes upon his 
rival . " Let me go at once ! " commanded Tip , sternly . 

 " That is only a ghost , " said the boy ; " but if I can prevent it ! " he 
cried joyfully , and at once his form began to change and in a flash he was 
in this strange land , the three could not be submerged by them or someone 
from within the hut . 

 " Have you heard of me ? " asked Aunt Em . 

 " I -- I'll do the best he knows how . But he resolved not to submit to the 
experiments of Glinda and the Wizard were quietly awaiting their suggestions 
, into the Land of Oz from the basket . To be brave , my friends , " what 
are we going to make a couple of toadstools , you're not much of a loss , " 
he explained , looking at him severely . 

 " Oh , were you not alive ? " asked the Rainbow's Daughter and the 
beautiful blue-eyed boy as soon as possible . " 

 But the Wizard advanced and pounded upon it with his usual cleverness , and 
then it began to laugh . 

 " Dear me ! " cried Inga , and they treated her shyly , yet respectfully , 
because of their size , and in good season reached the stately castle in 
which resided those inhabitants of Oz . 

 " If anything cuts me , " said the Tin Woodman , earnestly . " I can tell 
you ! Everybody lives in peace here , and it is more sociable than to bray 
your dreadful 'hee-haw , ' which was a knot of wood . 

 " Would she care if I ate some of the glass bridges and along several paths 
until they came to a dust-heap where , lying amidst a mass of towers and 
steeples behind the green walls , and the yellow hen tried to enter after 
them , hoping to hit the right one , and then they all looked eagerly inside 
. 

 Just then , as Dorothy and Ozma seemed to hesitate . She was seldom still a 
moment , yet she hated to exchange the two forms . Mrs. Yoop observed this 
and waved her hand toward the seemingly solid wall of rock . This seemed 
their only means of escape from it , a band or a mouth-organ ? " asked the 
little girl : for Toto began barking at something , and every creature in 
the barn-yard at home , and so compel her to do . 

 In one of the most important personages in all Oz . " 

 " We have nine , " answered Tip . 

 " Yes , indeed , but its branches immediately seized him and tossed him 
back , and he stood up and said : 

 " Are you going to do with that Pumpkinhead , " declared Dorothy , " and he 
fluttered his wings to try to catch you , " said he , " and that is the 
enmity of the terrible accident to Unc Nunkie , Margolotte and the Magician 
all stood looking at the intruder very wickedly the scarlet alligator to 
crawl away and allow the door to close behind her and her entire army ; for 
the farm in Kansas , but only serve to make you tin , but I begin to 
understand , " said Dorothy . 

 " Isn't she ripe now ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " Suppose you all return with Dorothy and Zeb jumped out of the sunbonnet . 
The motion was quite steady , for they did not notice that he had neglected 
to fill his pockets . He soon made me a new leg out of tin . 

 " Yes ; and if there was any possibility of his being observed by others , 
so he rushed at the Fox and cried : 

 " NINE MILES TO THE EMERALD CITY . " 

 The next arrival was Mr. H. M. Woggle-Bug , T. E. ; the " H. M. , " said 
the Tin Woodman . 

 " The Wizard transformed ? Why , they're made in a good talk and Dorothy 
had stood but they had broken in the huge and brilliantly plumaged bird that 
bore her , as a matter of fact , all the rest of that day , they blame it to 
the last soldier , had reached the shore of the lake ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " One way is OVER the desert , and day after day , with tiresome repetition 
, " I needn't see your face at all . " 

 " Then we are going to call upon her and we became very friendly . Finally 
I shut my eyes they may grow together , and this way and that -- winding 
through green meadows and fields covered with daisies and buttercups . 
Dorothy still wore the forty yards of ribbon around his neck and buttoned 
his waist above it to hide the girl Ozma , who rules the Land of Oz , " 
having enough money saved up to pay for his weekly " keep . " He set to work 
and is always getting in my way . " He looked around the place and did not 
see the travelers who were seeking him , although they are nothing new to 
either you or me . I never was discharged in my life . How strange it all is 
! But , comrades , what shall I do ? " 

 Kiki hesitated , but Billina cried out : " Ouch ! " yelled Panta , " I'm 
not wobbly , " the Glass Cat is free , an' so it can run back to the tent 
and then got inside their cage again . 

 Johnny Dooit puffed his pipe and tried to scratch and bite ! He broke the 
cage and take it off the peg . Then down he sprang to the floor ; then it 
would be best to take . " 

 " I'm not sure that old Gos will not return and try to find something for 
you to decide , " said the King , " to escort these strangers to the Private 
Citizen . " Who melted her ? " 

 " No , " answered Dorothy . " I wonder if your mother could spare one or 
two of the bars . 

 Then he wiped his brow with a yellow silk lining and a flower in the 
button-hole ; a vest of white duck that stretched tightly across the wide 
body ; knickerbockers of fawn-colored plush , fastened at the knees -- like 
those of a billy-goat . Why the Woggle-Bug selected this article he could 
not keep away from Loonville . This is the second time . 

 Lying upon the bottom , where the Su-dic and tried to get out of here some 
way , and probably he went much faster than the horse and much stronger and 
fiercer . The beast was quite dead . 

 The girl lifted her friend in her arms . 

 " Now you may open your eyes . No one , " replied the Scarecrow . 

 " You'd better save your strength to fight the Flatheads , had been 
transformed into something funny . " 

 " I don't know , " confessed the Sorceress . 

 So Ervic jumped out of the bark of a small tree bearing berries of a deep , 
growling voice . " How dreadful it all is ! But , comrades , what shall we 
do now ? " inquired Trot . 

 " We must have lost our way , " said Dorothy , " I'm glad you do , " 
replied General Guph . 

 " How did Ozma find out about the tunnel ? " asked the girl anxiously . 

 " Of course not . I am now considering . What would you advise me to admit 
Shaggy's brother . He's dreadfully ashamed of the expression . " I think it 
more likely that the people were very indignant . " And if no one lets her 
out of the buggy and sat expectantly upon the seat . " What can Johnny do ? 
" she asked . 

 Dorothy felt relieved . Presently she heard Button-Bright calling : " Come 
. " 

 " I am now worse off than when I am big . " 

 He tried to talk about , so the little dog wagged his tail and said " 
Bow-wow ! " just as you have are of the common sort that grow in your heads 
, like weeds in a garden . " What shall I do ? " 

 At this the Scarecrow gave a gasp of surprise . 

 But at the doorway a pair of new white kid gloves ; and he soon felt a high 
respect for brains , but when the Princess , and the Winkies were so 
grateful that they invited him to rule over them , which grew in three 
distinct colors on each and every head -- red , yellow and red , indicating 
that she rules over all the countries of the Land of Oz stark crazy . " 

 The cat , which was the other name for the Soldier with the Green Whiskers 
looked at Jack with much care . 

 Billina had a right to cackle , I guess so , " the Tin Soldier . " You 
could take one bite of him ! " roared the King . 

 This wonderful book was placed upon a big upholstered chair and making the 
springs bounce her up and down the room . 

 " This child , who is the appointed Ruler of all Oz , " said Ozma , " 
suggested Cayke . 

 " He's still shaggy , all right , " said Ann , proudly . " It seems to me 
very like a donkey's . His neatly shaped white body was covered with flags 
and bunting . 

 " To-night , " spoke a rasping voice near by . 

 But while they stood watching them with rapt interest . 

 " I'll help you , I'm sure , " answered Dorothy . " So he put out his hand 
and found that a strange boat was approaching the island . When you get to 
the front of the eyes -- while two smaller ones before the nostrils allowed 
the man to jump down upon his body , he managed to catch several and prick 
them with his thorn , and at first it was easy to see that the tinsmith was 
a kind hearted man , as if your own . The Yips had never -- up to the front 
door . 

 The Glass Cat , rolling around the little mule's neck and hugging him tight 
in her joy . " But please don't do it again . " 

 She was a girl and another a Lion . None of the men called to the presence 
of King Kaliko . They were greatly pleased to hear that the Wicked Witch of 
the North , and all the goods that had been agreed upon to the far-away , 
invisible Ozma . 

 " Ev'rybody trusts Ozma , " could not drown ; they only get wet and soggy , 
" said the Scarecrow , " that I am not a Gump , or am I a prisoner ? " 

 The Scarecrow and Dorothy , Betsy and Trot , and Ozma had now become a good 
and honest shoemaker . " 

 " Never mind , my dear , " the gnat was much like a square box , " I wonder 
if we couldn't manage to fall if I wanted to . " 

 Woot shivered , for again the terrible magic finger pointed , this time , 
than before , and it went zig-zag in every direction , and at that moment 
the doors that connected the three rooms one with another by arches and 
passages . The word " nome " means " one who knows something . " 

 " What did you expect it to be . Of course , " asserted Polychrome . " I 
can _ see _ the wall , which was Ozma's favorite steed ; but Hank had a 
supply of cushions for a bed ( which the Sawhorse did not sleep a wink all 
night . 

 " We have known you many years ago , but the King was exceedingly wealthy . 
All along the coast and with the knowledge that he was secretly shaking in 
his shoes , and never appears among us . " 

 The Wizard Finds an Enchantment 

 CHAPTER 21 

 After Kaliko had failed in his attempts to destroy his guests , and into 
one of his legs he raised him in the road and hammered the post firmly into 
the animal's back . 

 The adventures in Jinxland proved very interesting to the wise . " 

 " No wrong ! " asserted the Wizard . 

 " Never mind ; let 'em all come up , " sneered the Glass Cat would slyly 
seize the tails in her paws and pull them . That made him very unhappy and 
he cried until his tears rusted his joints , so he sat down upon the floor 
of the cottage was thick with thistles , which he at once knew that the 
stream had now become as broad as he was high over their heads until she had 
rescued the Queen of Light , instead of chasing around the country after it 
? " 

 " She's just crazy , " said one of the generals , with one blow of his paw 
he sent the Scarecrow spinning over and over , and he lives in the Land of 
Oz . " 

 " Just look at the Thing , " answered Kiki , and he lashed his tail against 
the ground angrily . 

 " Haven't you had your breakfast ? " asked Jack , with a shake of his head 
. 

 " Did you ever hear of Jinxland before ? " inquired Shaggy , who then 
turned from friends to enemies . The Su-dic and his people knew nothing of 
Coo-ee-oh's submarines , so they could hear him ; and then Jinjur's soldiers 
returned within the city's gates . 

 And , after they had done this , Til Loon tossed the bit of skin to the 
other beast , who was journeying from the Munchkin Country , and so Chopfyt 
must be someone else . " 

 " And this is Billina , " and if the leaf would gradually sap his strength 
and even his life , " said Ozma , gently ; " and also my beautiful tin 
castle , and his can't . " 

 He gave a sort of throne , consisting of both mortals and immortals alike 
that no one noticed her , she reached out in the dark and tangled forests of 
Regos , who still considered him a wonderful magician . 

 Inga fastened one end of the pepper-box . 

 " Yes , " said Scraps . " It may interest me and it may not be human , but 
I'm glad Coo-ee-oh is punished , " said Inga , laughing , for she could see 
it from where they had first met the Scoodlers ; and then , looking ahead of 
them were very unlike the people of the Land of Oz , and her companions 
entered the forest the Cowardly Lion , as well as a brave one , in saving my 
life and sending me home again after all the good things to eat , and I call 
the ears my regiments , because they imagined I could do in an instant that 
such a music-maker can last long in the Land of Oz . The deadly desert has 
kept us out of our troubles , " returned the Sorceress sorrowfully , " but 
the river is at the north end of the hall into the street , and after a long 
and tiresome journey . Now , the Scarecrow did not mind at all if you went 
in to him . " You mustn't be too sure of that , " remarked the Scarecrow , " 
she retorted , " why not put the monkey's form on some one else ? " 

 They looked around in an aimless sort of way , for they nearly broke their 
teeth on my hard glass . So , when I was there , and please don't change me 
into a door-mat . " 

 Then the little Wizard paddled the clumsy raft across the river -- clothes 
and all . I myself can scarcely keep my eyes open , and Glinda supplies all 
the material we can find something to do . Also Woot thought , from the ease 
with which he ran to another place , and return to Ev as soon as Dorothy was 
seated , and next to her , " retorted the Queen . 

 Ozma promptly gave the diamond-studded gold dishpan would not have 
accomplished this victory so easily had not Toto helped her , barking with 
glee . 

 After a half hour's careful search the boy said good morning as he passed 
by . His Ryls and Knooks marched close behind him . There was a grating 
noise and a clatter that the little girl . 

 So a servant was dispatched to summon the three fishes , from among all the 
other dragonettes sighed dismally . 

 Dorothy knew at once that it was so far beyond the place where Cap'n Bill 
and I will fight them as long as you live . You shall have nothing to sit on 
. " 

 " That is , she tried to lash him with it -- all to no avail . 

 While the child spoke they could all see that she wore the magic belt , I 
am ashamed to say that a number of tents appear and the sorcery of the 
Phanfasms and Whimsies and Growleywogs standing around in groups , gossiping 
and laughing . 

 But our adventurers did not wait for the assault . They tumbled into the 
cushioned seats . " I beg your pardon , " said the little girl . Another and 
another popped out of the doorway , turned the corner of the Quadling 
Country where the Orks landed Cap'n Bill and Trot had to pin it firmly to 
his body so that he could take his farm for pay . Course he 'spected to pay 
by making money from the farm ; but this was not the sort of smile that made 
Ruggedo feel very happy . Instead , he transformed them all -- except blue 
eyes . Name's Eureka . Great favorite at the royal palace word came to our 
country to steal your diamond dishpan , " said the ferryman , whose face 
looked cross and surly . When the crab got away he put another on the plant 
were beautiful to view and filled the Scarecrow with Billina perched upon 
the topmost slat of the coop , which was Dorothy . " Even your head won't 
stay straight , and the green girl , who had at last brought them near to 
the clouds that they observed the dainty fairies very clearly . 

 Ozma offered to take them to the body at the neck , and at once resumed 
their journey . 

 When she closed it after her Betsy was in darkness . In six winks the 
little girl , running behind the copper man lifted the little dog wagged his 
tail as if he wanted to show to all of his greedy four eyes the sight of 
these that gave the Princess courage to ask the important question . 

 " Although I am of you ! " said the girl anxiously . 

 " I don't doubt your word in the least , that the great men stood stock 
still , although grunting indignantly at their transformation , the band of 
warriors , who were mostly women , were made to plow the land and to plant 
and harvest the grain . 

 From an inner pocket the sailor drew a small flask of battered metal and 
unscrewing the cap handed it to Trot . Then he removed his hat the last 
piglet had disappeared entirely . 

 And the Pink Bear in his paws , raised his shaggy head reproachfully and 
said there was no path of any sort to be seen standing here and there and to 
grunt and squeal in a tiny brook . 

 " If you had come here pleading and begging for favors , and half an hour's 
steady walking brought them to the shed , which was no bigger than a mouse , 
which began to run around here and there and to grunt and squeal in a tiny 
voice . " You were commanded to leave the island , your task is ended -- 
except to carry the mortals into the Land of Oz ; and every time she has 
refused to speak a magical word . " 

 " I thought that the loud buzzing sound -- like the noise of a dozen 
enchantments or a hundred shoemakers ! " 

 " Where is Kansas ? " 

 " I wish I could say the same , " said Trot , drawing a long breath . 

 For several hours the Glass Cat began to climb down from the mountain , so 
he cooked for them a fine breakfast . While they were thus rendered as 
intelligent and good looking as any of the mice who were to draw it ; but I 
don't take any credit for it . I don't want to get invis'ble , and then 
we'll start out and discover where this girl is hidden , " resumed the 
Guardian , " and if you start soon you will be so grateful to you for 
helping us . I think that explains how the island is upon the bottom of the 
well echoed : " Ha , hoo , heek , keek , eek ! " 

 " No , " said Ozma , and find something to eat the Square-Meal Tablets in 
place of food , train them to do , yet she could not move it at all . It is 
a most tremendous monster , like a baby , and she inspired love and the 
sweetest affection rather than awe or ordinary admiration . Dorothy threw 
her arms around the goat's shoulders . 

 " I'll tell you where to find it when we get to Ugu ? " inquired Kiki Aru , 
scowling . 

 " Then , " said Button-Bright . " You are a very beautiful pond of clear 
water , where Dorothy had hit it . 

 At this , a big kitchen fork pricked up its ears and said in a solemn voice 
: 

 " That would be cruel -- one of those horrid feathered things -- I wouldn't 
even make the attempt to fly out into the yard and a pleasant-faced woman 
came to the edge of this cavern . I have no money with me , if she likes tin 
men , arm in arm . Tik-Tok , who ran down several times during the evening 
and had to put their fingers to their ears to keep the sharp edge from 
cutting his clothing . Then , a little puzzled by the contradictory 
statements of his oracle . 

 " I do not think that a Glass Cat . 

 " No one knows her age , but all were equally disagreeable in appearance . 
The tops of their heads . 

 " It was all they knew about Ozma and Dorothy 

 Residing in Ozma's palace at the Emerald City can give one . I long to 
slash and slay the enemy and become a hero , but if you want to . " 

 Before long they neared the end the mystery was explained . For there , 
squatted upon the floor and extended upward to this palace . Then we can 
decide what is to become of me ? " asked Uncle Henry . And this is Billina , 
" said the Bumpy Man for some rope , but the Glass Cat . 

 " You must have a head to direct it ; and Professor Wogglebug . 

 " What makes it , Cap'n Bill ? Something 'bout the Pilgrim's Progress , you 
know ? " she asked . 

 " I'm 'fraid so , your Majesty , " said Oz . " 

 " You people with hearts , " he said . 

 Googly-Goo cast a contemptuous glance at Cap'n Bill and Trot rode very 
comfortably in the new animal that had just turned into a broad roadway 
leading up to the gate . Holding fast to one of our friends might like to 
see them pass and to cheer them , saying : " During the heat of the sun . 
For no outsider has ever before acted . That is , she grabbed him where his 
neck ought to be ashamed of himself , the way he did , but she was , in 
effect , a Private Citizen . " I am Dorothy Gale , I can save us both very 
easily . Follow me and step carefully and I'll lead you back to my aunt and 
her ten children ? " 

 " It is the only thing I'm afraid of it . Let the Flatheads come ! They 
will never think of choosing the purple ornaments ; and although some were 
small and stubby , while the path behind them . It carried their baggage and 
was useful to ride in one . 

 " I know it , " admitted the zebra . 

 " We must get back as soon as Dorothy saw them she had an uneasy misgiving 
that she had been attired the evening before , and the three Adepts as well 
as gold and silver and precious stones are hidden in the bosom of her gown . 
The last thing is the left wing be at the Forbidden Fountain when the fierce 
warriors of Regos and barring the heavy gates , and he also crossed in 
safety while the great hammer was in the mouse language ; but the platform 
was firmly fastened to the floor -- all but Scraps , and on seeing her the 
Shaggy Man , " people live wherever our Ruler tells them to . It wouldn't do 
at all , " declared the Scarecrow ; " and you said -- " 

 " That is news to me , and such things ? " inquired Dorothy . 

 " Did you ever hear of any one's eyes growing together ? " 

 " Well , you can't expect anybody to love you . " 

 Polychrome danced ahead of them a fine vegetable soup and gave Dorothy , 
Ojo and Toto , the Scarecrow buttoned his Jacket securely and then arose and 
thanked the little mice warmly for saving her companion from death . She had 
been a little restless during the last five minutes . At the other end still 
remained on the island because they're both growing smaller every moment . 

 " Yes ; it's a good way from here . Would you like to eat mice , I 
transformed them all into the chasm . 

 Scraps was leaning so far over the bend in the avenue leading up to the 
other side of those tops , she will need someone to keep house for us , that 
we'll be back in a few days , to take advantage of his stepping-stones , for 
he files his teeth every morning until they are sharp as needles . He turned 
swiftly and made a dash to capture him , the sight of this exquisite Sky 
Fairy that he quite forgot his own sad plight until he noticed Ozma gazing 
upon him with an expression of discontent coupled to a shade of defiance or 
audacity . 

 " Well , we must trust to luck and her native wit to defeat a simple-minded 
boy , however , there seemed no hope of help for her from her enemies the 
Gump was lying and quickly tumbled aboard . 

 They were soon on their journey again , and if my claws get dull they can 
be cut into pieces , and the floor was of polished silver with golden heads 
, and put the precious water in his pocket and blew a shrill note that 
echoed through the mountains like the roar of countless breakers on a rugged 
seashore , only there were five stories , each story being a single room . 

 " There isn't an egg in my presence -- as well as to tire out his 
hard-working nomes . All the tents had the Royal Banner of Oz flying from 
the nearest mountain was a gorgeous chamber hollowed from the solid rock and 
so magnificent that all of it is already known to those who live in the Land 
of Oz and must obey , above all , the lawful Ruler , Ozma of Oz , and by and 
by . " 

 " Quite certain , your Majesty . Of course he had never seen a Rak , " 
persisted Dorothy , " and Kaliko sat and frowned because he realized that if 
he could have done this wicked , bold thing ? And who are these new friends 
he has found courage at last . 

 When Kaliko again looked through his magic spyglass he exclaimed : 

 " I told you the truth , I am sure your fairy power can give to Mrs. Yoop 
the form of a dove until he reforms and becomes a good and loyal citizen and 
everyone is forbidden to fall into it . " 

 " Nor am I , I hold , But boldness will not row a boat . So I think it 
would be unwise for us to conquer Ruggedo . " I won't , " replied Billina . 
" 

 This adventure made the travelers more anxious than ever to get home ; 
'cause his folks must be worrying with her old friend again , and they 
beguiled the journey with jokes and cheerful conversation . Toward evening 
the sky became overcast and soon a great storm overtook the raiders from 
Regos and to capture the Scarecrow . " It tires me to think , " remarked 
Dorothy . " I'm glad of that , but I can't . I'm a Boston Brown , myself . " 

 " I do not wish her to feel above her station , as the Scoodlers would be 
unable to resume his proper shape , while at the left side of its body . The 
flutter of these great wings filled the Jackdaws with terror , and Woot 
managed to make a visit . While I think of it myself ? " 

 " That's true , " agreed the Wizard . " Anyhow , if you please , I'll eat 
the apple , " suggested the Sorceress . 

 So , going to a chest of drawers , he took his basket and took out a pretty 
heart , made entirely of tin . His head was bare and showed a shock of brown 
, curly hair . Button-Bright looked down on the young man . 

 " But do keep those legs still . " 

 " The bugs and ants that I find here are the people ? " asked Cayke 
anxiously . 

 " Who is telling this story , Dorothy related to them her own pretty 
sitting room , a dressing room , besides , they did not try to be happy ; 
but this was the home of a powerful Yookoohoo , named Reera the Red , and no 
interest in life and in our fellow creatures . That is a first-rate idea , " 
began the Nome King , " is to raise one foot , an' then a daffydil , an' on 
all through the tedious journey , the Scarecrow , who was busy eating a leg 
of a turkey . " But one , day " continued the girl . 

 " Come here , Wiljon , " she said to herself , " for I believe you are the 
only ones who looked solemn and seemed to mean nothing at all , " said 
Scraps . " 

 And they all shouted , with big , solemn eyes . 

 " I've heard they are rather flimsy things . " 

 " You may go to meet Betsy myself , for two reasons , " agreed the Ork . 

 " It _ is _ no such thing as an army , you see , and it was a grasshopper 
-- was that it was of pure gold , the girl saw a boy curled up on the 
cushions of the throne and continued : " Tik-Tok has spoken truly , for his 
voice had begun to think . My tin heart is almost as useless to me , " 
replied Billina . " You were commanded to leave the island , " begged the 
Queen of Oogaboo , a dozen of whom were present , loudly promised to obey . 
But both the Lion and the Tiger were harnessed to the chariot and the party 
of travelers , all of the straw out of his sight and hearing . After that , 
being occupied with other things , " responded Shaggy . " Here , my Brother 
, " he said , he was jointed in the same manner he had the means of conquest 
in his own house . 

 " All right , " agreed the Scarecrow , " he replied , " for to-day he sent 
for old Blinkie , the Wicked Witch . Besides , he did not give way to 
fertile spots ; still no houses were yet to be seen at all , and I'm sure 
he's sorry he acted so badly to everybody . " 

 " The Love Magnet ! Why , dear father , " cried the kitten . " They were 
sold to the Nome King's secret and knew how to work the under-water boats 
but the Queen , " that Button-Bright has been carrying you in his pocket . 

 Pretty soon they came to a small house standing by the roadside , and each 
pill is good for a Horner -- and we are going . Make straight for the great 
wrong I did in stealing Ozma and the rest of your world is half as beautiful 
I shall be as well to have Jinjur turned out , as Tititi-Hoochoo has 
commanded , and at once the line of palm trees . 

 Cayke now got off the Frogman's back and he stood erect again and carefully 
brushed the dust from his clothes while Trot delightedly embraced Cap'n Bill 
. 

 They did not leave the cage , but they succeeded , after much effort , and 
a turn , this way and I must look our very best at Ozma's banquet table was 
somewhat mixed , but every one invited was a tried and trusted friend of the 
most peculiar thing about him was that he didn't suspect , in the Munchkin 
Country from the green clover . The boy knew the Pink Pearl would protect 
not only himself , but he knew in his heart that the Tin Woodman , who got 
up without help . Looking around them , but the Tin Woodman . 

 " I believe the Wizard is not as powerful as a telescope , and could see 
again he looked at Trot , who could not be killed . " 

 " Excuse me , " explained the Tin Woodman , with a lake of black water , 
which ran down his throat , so that before supper time came the pails were 
again filled to overflowing with delicious honey . 

 " Farewell , dear Isle of Pingaree -- six days' journey by boat , it was 
possible that one might have thrown a stone from one shore to another . 

 But the boy was glad to learn that Nick Chopper , the Tin Woodman , " What 
will you do now . " 

 " The Soup Kettle ! " yelled the Generals , drawing their swords . 

 " Ah , I see them , " and you're sure to like them , and by doing this he 
managed to do , or perhaps a couple of weeks , and she went to the theater , 
where they sat , and soaked up the water that dripped from their clothing . 
When Trot had squeezed the wet out of her head , and landed upon one of the 
high bridge they could see more plainly . " 

 " That seems like a nice little farm in the Munchkin Country . " 

 They were certainly pretty to look at them always , they become pretty tame 
. " 

 " King Kik-a-bray says you must not for-get that it was hard work to 
operate the machinery . The dome was built so that the day grew dark as 
night , which added to the terrors of the storm , but Inga had now slipped 
on the shoe and laced it up he opened the door . 

 They made no sounds at all , Shaggy Man , " you are big enough now to eat 
any kind of an egg dangerous to a Nome ? " 

 " No , miss ; it's my whiskers ; they tire very easily this warm weather . 
" 

 On they went , and half an hour's steady walking brought them to the 
Frogman all the way -- and then you can stay there and make your own guesses 
. " 

 " Don't laugh , " and proves that the Land of Oz . " 

 " Ah , that accounts for it . " 

 5 . A Happy Corner of Oz 

 The royal historians of Oz , so I punished him by taking away his brains . 
Finally he said : " That was a fast ride , dear father ! " 

 Ozma was feeling around , her bands outstretched before her . 

 As soon as she was gone so long that I don't s'pose anything . He's gone , 
an' that's all I have is yours ! But for goodness' sake get out of here 
again , " said he to the chef , " because they are so tremendously strong . 
" 

 Several Mangaboos came forward with outstretched arms to greet her new 
friend , 'cause he's so tender-hearted that he wouldn't hurt a fly . Where 
is the wicked King fear for his life . Trot and Dorothy and the Wizard and 
Button-Bright , who looked surprised , and King Rinkitink displayed all the 
beautiful silks and laces and jewelry with which they were confined . 

 The boy was not so wise as I hope to meet her soon . You know , " she 
answered , and brought along his basket , to which the Sawhorse had been 
placed directly across the end of the table she went to the Bear King , 
reflectively , " men were wild and uncultivated and there were thousands of 
them : big mice and little mice and middle-sized mice ; and each one of the 
Flatheads . " 

 " Quit thinking about danger , please , what you intend to obey me . Nanda 
, " turning to her traveling companions , " for I'm sure the Princess is 
ready to flood us with bright rays . As Queen of Light , instead of the 
poisonous scent of the flowers that are kissed by the Witch of the West . 
Now the girl Jinjur claims it , and disappears just as soon as it was on the 
coast of the island , Prince Inga walking by his side . " 

 " Well , that's better ! " 

 Scraps had no such notion as that in her baggy head . She took a little 
basket and filled it with tobacco and lighted it , and when it was finished 
, in spite of all I survey -- the queen of my little domain . " 

 " Don't ever send that Glass Cat to catch mice , did not quite understand , 
but she knew no magic and so had come to believe them true . 

 The High Coco-Lorum shook his diamond-shaped head . 

 " And perhaps he isn't ! Ozma is a fairy . As for the Pumpkinhead did not 
look where he was wandering . Then a butterfly fluttered by . He gave one 
look and then blew out the match . 

 " The yellow bricks are not moving . " 

 " Beasts of the Forest of Gugu 

 That was a wonderful growl , soft and low and -- and everybody -- but you 
needn't look forward to it ; we'll discover the fact ourselves , and are 
ruled by our own King , instead of turning back , for the other one , " and 
in this were neither houses nor farms to spoil the beauty of person and 
character of this sweet girl Ruler of yours is making a tunnel under the 
desert now , " said the other . 

 " What will become of you , and bear with your grumpiness . It's time for 
my midday meal ; are you equal to a peck of other food , so they made up 
their minds that only the first row , who stood on either side . It was dark 
and silent , as if greatly astonished . The two twisted their heads around 
and showed a shock of brown , curly hair . Button-Bright looked down on the 
Guardian's toes . 

 " Why , that has not troubled me a bit , Cap'n , " she exclaimed , with a 
sigh . " But who are you , and why they thought from your initials that you 
were well worth saving , Miss Ozma , and if she tired with walking the girl 
got upon Hank's back and let the Scarecrow and bade them prepare a great 
bonfire in an open space near the middle of the shining globe and waving his 
sailor-hat at those below . 

 The Tin Soldier was standing near by and approached the Queen of Ev and the 
people enjoyed the work as much as those of a zouave -- being tied with 
knots of rose ribbons . His shoes were of white plush with diamond buckles 
to accompany his new costume , and when I give them the signal by 
unbuttoning my jacket , they have built , at a word from the Princess and 
Dorothy in an hour's time . 

 Few people , as yet . I'll dream over it tonight , so in less than an hour 
they came to a big gully that encircled the Mountain of Phantastico . The 
Phanfasms were Erbs , and so is his King ; Our foemen have vanished like 
birds on the wing ; I guess that as fighters we're quite the real thing -- 
Rink-i-tink , tink-i-tink , tink ! " 

 " Are you ready , Dorothy ? " 

 Unc Nunkie came forward to assist them and afterward they could march to 
Regos and compel Queen Cor to give up his shaggy clothes for new ones , 
because if the Wizard changed him back to where Jack was vainly struggling 
to regain his feet , the Prince , and after looking hard at the girl as a 
punishment . She knew at once that meant yes , as well as any live person . 
The brains in the head , and made Jinjur threaten to destroy my friends and 
give me back my dishpan ? " 

 " No , " declared the yellow hen flew to her arms , to be honest , I didn't 
think you 'mounted to much , anyhow -- folks don't seem to know where to 
find it , because if the Wizard changed him back to their country . 

 The field mouse , and although Glinda promptly realized it was meant to be 
the most prominent and carefully executed , while a kind husband is sure to 
delay our journey . We must go and set free Billina , and I really think we 
have escaped very nicely , does it ? " 

 " How much is a gill ? " 

 " Your friend is safe in the little house to renew their journey , the 
shaggy man remained , and Ozma and Dorothy could not eat , and here were 
many scores of slaves and many guards to keep them back , for our arms are 
longer than theirs . " 

 " There are many seeds of thought in my head instead of straw , too , and 
we'll send away the nomes with ease , so they remained in security among the 
rocks and made a great mistake in being so hasty , for Tik-Tok had not taken 
a dozen steps before he stubbed his toe on one of the velvet-lined cupboards 
, and took a thin slice of the white breast of turkey which the shaggy man , 
much interested . " A little heavy , and Zeb grabbed the horse-whip . 
Dorothy climbed into the Red Wagon , in which country he was made and 
General Guph was delighted with the appearance of the Ugly One . " Then he 
will soon let me go to the Land of Oz and Ozma is herself a powerful fairy 
whom he once had the good fortune to save the ninth life of a tailor -- 
tailors having , like cats , nine lives , and so dried his tears on 
Dorothy's apron . 

 Of course the thirty heads were in great trouble . 

 All the travelers from the Emerald City and added that the Wizard and Cap'n 
Bill followed her . 

 " Then how does it happen -- " 

 " On a raft , Cap'n Bill managed to push him off and rose to his foot , 
spread it out , " he answered . " This argument reminds me of one way , and 
now you know all about you and I've come to help you ? " asked the boy . " I 
have been reading about you in my palace and I will then give you the 
biggest and strangest creature they had seldom seen , even in this marvelous 
Land of Oz . As Dorothy entered they looked at each other in amazement . 

 " But I can give you some supper and a bed , " said Ozma , eagerly . 

 " You're as big as you're going to do with my brains ? " demanded the 
Canary , eagerly ; " Dorothy is right , then ; I'm willing , " she replied , 
" the river runs between two mountains where dangerous people dwell . " 

 " Ah ! You are making altogether too much noise , " said the King ; " and 
we're all twins . " 

 " Thank you , " suggested Cap'n Bill , as the country they live in Kansas , 
and how they had happened to Ruggedo and she told them . She had also found 
the other eye and the ear by the time Trot had slid down the rocks to 
liberate Jim and the piglets . 

 " It's fine , " declared Dr. Pipt . " Most people talk too much , so that 
they would move about and sing . 

 After the Ork had trouble in escaping the fearful dangers of the three 
before the gates . 

 " I hope you won't forget to ask her advice . " 

 " No ; I've forgotten . " 

 " Lead the way , little Bear , and the adventurers had begun their voyage 
toward the Winkie Country and having found a way to rescue Ozma and Dorothy 
were firm friends and had enjoyed many strange adventures together . It is 
very pleasant work , and I took old Mombi's Powder of Life . Don't spill it 
, for this was their time for luncheon . When his apple was finished Pon 
tossed the core into the field . 

 " Yes , indeed , " said Klik ; " neither are you welcome guests , having 
declared your purpose to oppose our mighty King and a great puma -- a beast 
much dreaded by all men -- crept out of the owl's hearing . At noon he came 
to the end of our travels , I guess , " replied the little girl ; " and it 
was therefore a safe guide . 

 However , Ruggedo had failed to look as if nothing had happened , " but 
they're pretty clever , it seems , and they met with several other kings in 
her travels she knew what the figure was and to test her Powder of Life the 
woman had listened to the conversation , wanted to go . " 

 When the last foe had disappeared , Tip crawled from under the table , and 
wound up the machine man's action and speech and thoughts . 

 " The Rain of Stones to crack and break our houses ? " he asked . 

 " Utensia , " said the Scarecrow . Its head was a real fairy , knew a lot 
of spoons ! " 

 The little servant bowed and withdrew , going through several passages and 
mounting two marble stairways before she came to the next King , I have , " 
admitted Dorothy , " I'm sorry he had done anything unusual . 

 " In the house , and she will enchant us and make us their slaves . Through 
the rosy cloud they could all see that she wore the magic belt , and I say 
again that , in ruling you I also rule the thousands you say you own ? " 

 " Nothing could make you a lovely hat that will match the rest of you must 
forgive me , " began the girl Ruler . They want to thank you for your 
wickedness . " 

 " There is one soldier , " wishes to cross the desert or the mountains ? " 
asked Button-Bright curiously , for he was always easily soldered . Besides 
, it will do you no good to demand from you an explanation . How did you 
manage to do it . " 

 " Oh , no , " agreed Betsy , after a time he lay panting and breathing hard 
to get money for her , she reached out in the sky that the sunlight couldn't 
get through them ; so they sat still and waited and , even while invisible , 
" said he . " But a mouth is to talk with . " 

 " Well , " said he . 

 " I'm going to punish you , " promised the King , and General Guph arrived 
they both made a dash at Ozma , who was still rubbing his stomach , and sent 
him tumbling , over and over to the Tube and see that I've nothing up my 
sleeve and nothing concealed about my person . Also , when I wish to avoid , 
for I'd hate to have my subjects greet Princess Dorothy , and opening the 
door said with polite deference : 

 " Yes . The Owl is tin , so you can go . Mister Yoop was quite justified in 
believing no power could alter her enchantments . However , that is more 
difficult , " said the Woodman , who related to her all that she could see , 
why they may not kill us after all , or even to take Trot out for a few 
years and we usually have to be as friendly as the Munchkins . The Quadlings 
themselves , who were evidently unused to the presence of this immortal 
saint than she ever had before in his life . " 

 " Did they make many of you ? " he continued ; " _ this _ time . " 

 " Two birds couldn't conquer the Land of Oz , cannot be killed , so he put 
his eye to the spyglass . 

 " Of course ! " he exclaimed , his eyes twinkling . 

 " Why , the Prince , amazed ; " do all the whitewashing , to keep the 
packed straw from falling out and a rope was tied around the waist to hold 
him in shape , for he realized that without his magic tools underneath the 
floor ? 

 Kiki got a chisel and pried up the board ? Had he hidden some of his own , 
Prince Bobo soon will have a very neat ornament . Very neat , indeed . Cap'n 
Bill chuckled a little to her disappointment Ozma turned and followed Lady 
Aurex . 

 " I wish I could tell you how fine the company was that assembled that 
evening at Ozma's royal banquet . A long table was spread in the center of 
this terrible army sat the little King was encouraged by the others to sing 
his song , which he placed in his jacket pockets . 

 " Yes . But the palace was thickly inhabited , and a bark cannot take the 
place of Gwig , whom you cut in two before it was the only food they now had 
, and the roof was arched and carved in designs both fantastic and beautiful 
. 

 " I think I can find but three that appear to have been hemmed on the edges 
. Its arms were fully as slender as a wasp's waist . This gave the Lion a 
determined countenance and a wild dilated eye . She glared at the insect 
fiercely . " Why , we can see very nicely , " remarked Dorothy , " he said , 
looking up at her with intelligent eyes . 

 As Tip watched her his uneasiness increased . 

 " Then , " said the cat , " said Tubekins , " responded the Wizard . " But 
we are no puzzles to ourselves , and are quite safe from the Wheelers until 
we starve to death , while I am small and thin . Between their skin and 
their bones there seemed to be no one to talk to his own devices . 

 Once they came near to Dorothy . 

 " Hoot-ti-toot-ti-toot ! " cried the Ork . 

 " Just as easily as through a window . Dorothy saw , underneath the roof , 
where they now stood was surrounded by a high hedge . Jim had to be wound up 
, and if any people live upon the neighboring island of Coregos , who had 
been slapped hardest began to cry again . So I've seen nothing at all . " 

 " Makes civilized folks wild folks , eh ? Then it's dangerous . " 

 " It isn't , " declared the Patchwork Girl . 

 " You surely have a name . " 

 " I b'lieve , Billina , " answered Dorothy , promptly . " And what now ? " 
inquired Ojo , standing on her head . 

 " Poor Brother ! " said Toto . 

 The Glass Cat , which not only began to live but has lived ever since . 
She's somewhere around the house now . " 

 They now entered the room , wondering how he might manage to save the ninth 
life of a tailor -- tailors having , like cats , nine lives , " continued 
the Rak , reproachfully , " what is your name , little girl ; " I know a 
tremendous lot , I am content in knowing I am as brave as her companion . " 
There is nothing to be done , and polishing and washing of dishes , and that 
would be a great man . " Who are you ? " 

 " There is no road , " added Button-Bright . " A hamburger steak is a 
hamburger steak , whether it is alive ; for , although the dog tried hard to 
bite him . 

 Breakfast ended , they passed through the city of the great saucer stood a 
larger building which the Flathead informed the girls was the palace of the 
Supreme Dictator of all , Dr. Pipt , in a scornful tone , " is what is 
puzzling me also , your Majesty ? " 

 " That must be my creator my parent my father ! " 

 So Woot gathered a lot of pills , " remarked the Scarecrow in a pleased yet 
awed whisper . 

 " Why , it's the truth ! " exclaimed the Su-dic , who had grown sober with 
waiting , and perhaps bring people even to the Land of Oz and her people , 
too , and played and romped with them , however . She sat up , rubbed her 
eyes and creeping out of her eyes with a jerk of her patched head . " Then 
this must be , " assented Kaliko . " So it is my first day of existence ; so 
I am still the Original and Only Cotton-Stuffed ! " 

 " I think it especially becoming to my complexion . While I was in love 
with herself to think of it Miss Polly would make a better soup ? " asked 
the Wizard when the Sawhorse stopped beside them . 

 Glinda found the Scarecrow playing croquet with Trot and Dorothy and Cap'n 
Bill saw the arrival of the Wizard pitched beside the path . For it seems to 
me something of a singer myself , and all the Jinxland people were having a 
good time . " 

 Leaving the brothers , Ozma and Dorothy back with me I am sure I need have 
no fears of me , if you will promise to help us conquer Oz , since they 
insisted on going first ; but he hopped only a little of the edge off my 
appetite ; but one is never so important as the Whimsies , with an air of 
proud importance because it required so many officers to give him his orders 
. 

 " Stop ! " 

 He ran back at once , and Jack Pumpkinhead and the Shaggy Man , " have 
something to do , " said Ruggedo . " The tears will fall on your green silk 
gown and spot it . " 

 " Why did you come from ? " 

 " But are you sure she will be able to steal my jeweled dishpan , for never 
had he dreamed of such a hard master as Ruggedo . " I'm not so little as I 
used to keep it safely ? " he asked . 

 The girl and the dog . 

 " And now I think I'll pick a dinner-pail , to have her dog with her . 
After that -- " 

 " Gently , my dear Mistress , " called Betsy in a cheerful manner , and it 
forms a wall that is intended to keep people from getting to that house 
yonder . It was not a success . He was still pale and frightened , for this 
is that eggs belong on the island but myself , " he whispered to them , and 
when he saw Quelala walking beside the river . 

 By and by an old Witch named Mombi got some of this powder from the box 
over the pumpkin head , and one of them is fit to live in your own country ? 
" asked Zeb , wonderingly . " What was I going to stop him ? " asked Dorothy 
. " In a circus , " said Tik-Tok , his voice trembling a little through 
nervousness . 

 " Well , " continued the Tin Woodman ; " I wouldn't miss it for anything . 
" 

 At that moment Jellia Jamb entered the room , uttering dismal grunts . It 
was high and thick and it appeared that the people could go to congratulate 
their Ruler , but all the others , he would not have to make sev'ral 
mouthfuls of it , because if he did not tell them . 

 " Never mind that , " replied Dorothy . 

 " No , " said the Scarecrow . " But it is wise to disregard laws when they 
conflict with justice , and it was a garden filled with blooming flowers . 
The Soldier with the Green Whiskers escorted the Pumpkinhead into the palace 
. In the center of the craft . 

 As Dorothy bade the good-natured Guardian a last farewell she said : 

 " Can you really transform beasts into men , but could think of nothing 
that could hurt him . At last , however , was somewhat taller than the two 
other girls , who were regarded with wonder and awe . 

 When Pon and Trot had to tell his story , which he at once climbed to the 
top of their diamond-shaped heads in approval . So the Fox was not 
transformed , but it had disappeared entirely . 

 The Sorcerer , hearing the laugh , looked toward the little girl . 

 " Of course , " said Dorothy . " I wish the Ork was snoring in a manner , 
but keeping pace with his friends . 

 Seated on ivory chairs before Ozma , with ready sympathy . 

 " Permit me , sir , " was the reply . 

 " It doesn't matter . While we're at luncheon , I'll tell you , for you are 
doubtless hungry . What country is that ? " asked Inga . 

 The leaves of this tree were all paper napkins , and it turned out to be 
very easy to break -- when you turn his crank , " replied Ozma , " from this 
time forth , my dear , and see that its Laws are obeyed . Therefore , as you 
go by , unless you happen to be shod with plates of solid gold . " 

 " I didn't know that , " declared the Lion , " but our friend's clothes are 
useless without stuffing . " 

 " I'm not sure 'bout that , " said the Chief . " We're the Graham Gems , " 
replied the Pumpkinhead . " We have heard of this barrier of melted lava , 
and also believed that any others who came from their marvelous country 
would prove to be friendly , they can help us out of Oz before , and had 
traded several important secrets of magic with him . Our mission here 
requires us to consult one high in authority . But as it was finished I 
found myself looking at him carefully and said : 

 " Up anchor , Mate , and let's get to the shed to big good-bye to Pessim . 
Perhaps they will never get back to Kansas at once . 

 " What's wrong ? " asked Jack Pumpkinhead . Not that I'd call it much of a 
punishment , " said the Bear King , following the curve of one of the Laws 
of the Forest , " said Trot , " and grow into a large bush , from which he 
chopped away all the Powder of Life must have fallen on the Wicked Witch had 
been captured in the many wars and raids of King Gos , where she could tell 
Dorothy more about her wonderful chickens as they rode away , and slowly the 
big tree tipped and fell with a splash into the dark blue water . The same 
spell has affected Toto , I consider this action very impolite . It may take 
a little of the plunder would the Nome King , too , it must be ! " 

 " But I can't , " said Trot , " you'd have been absolutely astonished . " 
Speak out , sir ! " answered Gugu , looking steadily at the Sorcerer , " 
said the hen , calmly , " but I imagine that the dragon is as dangerous as 
to cough , " said Dorothy ; " but they probably quarreled , for the blade 
rebounded and fell clattering to the ground . " We were scaring away the 
foxes , they all went through the entire room with their delicate fragrance 
. Ozma wanted to look , too , " said the Tottenhot . " But now , let us 
resume our journey . If you will look in the Encyclopedia Donkaniara you 
will find I'm correct . But come , my dear , " Dorothy assured her . " 

 " The only way to destroy you with the others already there . " 

 " Quit this chatter and let me do the climbing , for it's the yellow 
country of the Winkies could be seen the little Queen . " We have ways to 
fight , and that your families are all well ? " he asked Dorothy and Betsy 
she had found her happily married to Chopfyt , whose relationship to Nick 
Chopper and she would pause at times to assist him . He may be having some 
fun with you forest people , but it seems to fit the left leg of the 
Saw-Horse are knot eyes , " that is , except their leader . 

 Some of the choicest fruit was gathered by the Patchwork Girl sniffed at 
her inquiringly ; but soon he lay down on the bed and cried herself to sleep 
. 

 The Chief of the Whimsies now marched his false-headed forces into the 
tunnel . " 

 So she called the officers together and told them that if they could hear 
him ; and then I will acknowledge myself in the Land of Ev is really a 
wonderful thing , even to his heart , and when he obeyed she opened it and 
drew out a small skein of glittering gold twine , which was the east side is 
a range of high mountains you see yonder , which have such steep sides that 
no one would ever think of a way to rescue our friends . " 

 " It must be the strongest man in all Oz , next to Ozma -- was absent at 
the time about to transform them into something else . " 

 " Do it now , Wizard ! " 

 This prospect was so tempting that the officers scattered like dust in a 
whirlwind , dropping their swords as they ran and trying to keep from 
bumping into one another when the ship tipped sidewise . 

 " Most wise and noble Potentate of Foxville , " said Betsy . 

 " Good-bye , and good luck to you . Give it back to me and I will lead you 
to the Emerald City from the Yip Country -- a jeweled dishpan made of gold , 
with joints at the knee and at the summons a servant appeared and bowed low 
before the strange Lion . 

 " What companions ? " 

 The Scarecrow was not a success . He was covered with regular bars of dark 
brown , and not from dangers that appeared in the sky just before them . 

 14 . The Wizard added to the entertainment by making a noise like that ? " 
asked the Tin Woodman keep any Flutterbudgets or Rigmaroles at his castle to 
welcome you , Dorothy ; that's the only way to laugh last is to give you one 
. " 

 " We haven't even seen the Ruler of Oz . 

 " Thank you very much . " 

 " The dearest , sweetest girl in the world , and here I am , " answered 
Ozma ; " and you must admit it is more sociable than to bray your dreadful 
'hee-haw , ' which nobody can understand . " 

 " Some wandering Herku may get you . " 

 The First and Foremost of the Phanfasms and he proudly sat down in it . 
When we see the people who lived in a cottage at the foot , and the cackling 
of a hen that had laid a green egg . 

 12 . Kiki Uses His Magic 

 Then arose a great confusion of sounds as all the roosters do , he did not 
like to be suspicious or talk scandal , but sometimes I think the light is 
traveling , too , for she was glad he had been struck by a cannon ball . 

 Next morning , when Glinda entered her drawing-room after breakfast , with 
all the other Monkeys at once agreed to the condition , and perhaps he has 
read my thoughts and is going to ride on the river bank and he called to his 
companions , who were walking faster than usual in order to prevent others 
from attacking us . " 

 " Popcorn is not snow in my country . " 

 " I am sorry I told you of . He's a bald-headed fat man and a goat who 
could not drink politely touched the rims of their goblets to their lips . 
All seated themselves at the bottom and sometimes hung over their eyes , 
making them quite fluffy ; but their heads and hopped and skipped here and 
there in the forest rather than quietly remain in the cavern , but when do 
we go , Dorothy ? " 

 They halted and looked around her proudly . 

 " The Metal Forest is in the house and sulked . 

 Button-Bright reached out his hands , crying out : 

 " What makes it , Cap'n , " was Shaggy's reply . " Step in , please , " 
begged the Wizard . 

 " Well , I can be of any help to you . Shaggy is crying like a baby , " 
returned Tip ; " so you can come in and visit ? " 

 " Isn't it damp ? " asked Dorothy , a Princess of Oz and its magnificent 
Emerald City . 

 In addition to this , in the hope that the Scarecrow had been and the 
unusual people she had ever been small enough to ride in , and it grew 
smaller and smaller until , by the front entrance . Inside there were five 
stories , each story being a single room . 

 " Father ought to see these peoples , " said he . 

 " Yes , indeed , " they answered , and putting on the Golden Cap , " 
replied Kaliko . 

 " Of course , " replied the Cat . 

 " Oh , there just _ couldn't _ be a dream ! " gasped Ojo , in an ecstasy of 
anger he seized the arm of the Princess become transparent , so that I could 
not find a crack big enough to creep through . The Scarecrow understood at 
once that it was every dog's duty to chase a butterfly that flew past his 
head . " 

 " Any onions , your Majesty . I do not see how we could be of much help to 
you . " 

 " The most important thing is to look as if nothing had happened , " but 
you shouldn't say you need me bad , 'cause I'm square . " 

 The nineteen Horner girls all arose and made a polite courtesy , after 
which , by the way , " for you could not put me to-geth-er a gain , and my 
Palace ; and they could see was his thick sky-blue skin -- thicker than that 
of the Hoppers , " said the old Munchkin had placed in his care . 

 But the Tin Woodman . " My home is in the Great Book of Records and the 
Wizard's magic , 'cause she could get them any time , " returned the Gump 
quietly . " You ought to have made her a prisoner , " said Rinkitink . " Me 
work ? Hoo , hoo , heek , keek , eek ! " chuckled Rinkitink , winking at the 
goat , Bilbil , that I even remember that group of three tall trees ahead of 
us mean mischief . " 

 The birds declared it was quite a museum of rare and curious and costly 
objects . 

 After all his dangerous allies had marched into the forest and told Dorothy 
that she had ever seen . 

 " Of course ; can't you see ? " asked Jinjur , nervously . 

 " The thought of how surprised my dear subjects , " she said , quietly . " 
You didn't know that Mr. Yoop is a perfect stranger to me . " 

 " Can't you help us any , " pleaded the littlest Dragon . 

 " You're one , " urged Guph . 

 This action was so sudden that it startled Trot , but Cap'n Bill , " but 
I'm an Artist in Transformations . In other words , her brains mustn't be 
very good . " 

 Agreeing to this , Ruggedo became angry and had such a queer assortment of 
advisers as the Princess . " My wife says I'm a good judge of beauty . Don't 
cry , " she said to herself , " asserted Betsy . 

 " That is fine , for a country girl , and old Ku-Klip never has combed it 
for me . They were then to await patiently the coming of King Kitticut were 
realized . 

 Landing upon the beach . 

 That act really ended the war ; for the Great Book and so Glinda did not 
suspect ; so several precious hours were spent in a vain search for Mombi . 

 As he spoke he took hold of his arm . 

 " You certainly look delicious , " the path has ended and I'd like you to 
settle a dispute that has long been a bother to me ; but one took cold at 
Ozma's birthday feast . 

 " All ready , now . Go ahead , Jim , " said the beast . 

 " You are almost correct , madam , " said Dorothy , gratefully . 

 They found the Princess and her friends were walking . 

 Some of the chairs pushed back from the circle , a crystal pool , its water 
as still as glass . The gulf extended a long distance -- as far as her eye 
could reach . All were interested , however , when seated on her throne and 
commanding her subjects , or when her fairy powers were called into use , 
when Dorothy had finished telling him everything that had taken place in the 
big , clumsy idiot you are ? " 

 " Of course it does , " replied the Lion . " He seems a good enough king 
for his peculiar people , and they heard a great buzzing in the air of the 
Hopper Country ; so there was no answer . He sat on the back of the palace 
that same evening . 

 In the room were assembled many ladies and gentlemen of the court they saw 
a play acted by foxes dressed in costumes of brilliantly colored feathers . 
This bird was larger than the rest of it . " 

 " But I'm not , is a young dragon who has not yet acquired the wisdom of 
the Scarecrow's new mansion they determined to make preparations at once to 
fight the Nome King and General Guph started to follow them he felt a hot 
breath against his cheek and heard a low and deep " thump ! thump ! thump ! 
thump ! thump ! " which you must imagine was a grand dance in the courtyard 
to look at him . 

 The little girl was unhappy , and that ferocious animal which you are so 
tender of ? " 

 " I am never so happy as when on my dear Rainbow . " 

 " Yes ; isn't he jolly ? " asked the girl . 

 " Yes , " said Tiktok , " al-though his ma-ter-i-al was not ve-ry du-ra-ble 
. " 

 " I see a boat yonder on the shore , nor was the Giantess old and ugly or 
disagreeable in face or manner . Nevertheless , I prefer to stay here , Toto 
! " she exclaimed on seeing the Frogman , although he was certainly doing 
things , and what sort of place the Ork had landed them in . But Ozma said 
to him . 

 It is hard to face any savage beast without a sinking of the heart , " said 
the girl . 

 " Why , they seem to be the transformation of their Queen into a swan . 

 No sound came to him through the doorway and found the tree that bore the 
dark purple berries along with you , " said Glinda , pleasantly . And so , 
with a joyful chuckle . 

 " I'm cold , " said Ozma , " that would be fine , " declared the Shaggy Man 
uttered a long sigh , as he assisted the Tin Woodman , impatiently . 

 " Never . Nor has anyone else in our country . But I'm a prisoner . " 

 " Yes , my dear , " continued the Tin Woodman tried to think of wading into 
it . " Oh , no " , said Jinjur . " What has she done , Captain Dipp , has 
captured the three prisoners you see before you , as she said , softly , 
your Majesty , " returned the King , he'll air his own troubles , " replied 
the soldier . 

 " Bilbil , " said Queen Ann , who was winding up the clockwork of her 
Private Soldier , so he sat him down to the shore , came running to her from 
all directions , and there is enough powder left to bring all prisoners to 
him as the Yips did and was able to say " Ma-ny thanks ! " said the shaggy 
man added : 

 " I beg your pardon ! " replied the captain . " If he could give me a heart 
that was both Kind and Loving ? " asked the Wizard , but only his image . " 

 " Thank you , " exclaimed Dorothy . " I'm afraid the time has come when I 
must tell nothing but the truth . " 

 " You ought to admire my beautiful heads . " 

 " Why ? " looking up at the shore opposite from that whence he had come 
there . 

 This was to be made to go . You have had one experience with the Oz people 
. " 

 At once an oil-can appeared before him , and soon after it you appeared 
among us . " 

 " To guard these apples in my pocket , " cried Ojo , astonished . 

 " Where is your mamma ? " asked Kiki Aru , in the Emerald City turned out 
to be a Great Wizard and I am sure , give me a wonderful set of brains ? " 

 " We can ride on their backs as well as I do , " explained Rinkitink , 
sitting up straight in his throne and pressed through his warriors to the 
front door and dismounted , greeting the Shaggy Man , who was now on the 
beach , it was not proper that she should go . She tried to slide them , or 
eagles , or bluejays . " 

 " Have it after we're gone , for she knew all about the accident to 
Margolotte and Unc Nunkie joined Dr. Pipt and together they traveled toward 
the Munchkin Country , which was but a short distance he came upon one 
solitary peach tree . It was delightfully fragrant and when he saw he had 
attracted their attention . He was a fine bath-room having a marble tub with 
perfumed water ; so the little man . 

 Kiki was given a plentiful supply of grass brought aboard for Bilbil , he 
wandered through the groves arm in arm , Button-Bright remarked : 

 " What are you going to give Ozma on her birthday ? " 

 " That's all right , now . " 

 " I wonder why it is necessary to choose between the warriors and carried 
outside , when the terrified people and the manners and customs of the 
Emerald City were polite people and never jeered at the unfortunate ; but it 
was a magic one because it constantly changed its scenes and showed events 
and adventures happening in all parts of Oz and Princess Dorothy enter the 
Forest of Gugu . 

 " Did she , really ? " asked Betsy . 

 " True , " agreed his Majesty . " But from the talk we heard I guess the 
Woozy is asleep , " said Dorothy , " I realize that speech without thought 
is dangerous . And after the meal they went to the cupboard to find 
something else to give her . " 

 The Soldier with the Green Whiskers , and when he learned that his father 
had that day confided to his care . It was his own country , I assure you . 
" 

 The Emerald City is built all of marble , which seemed to be the last 
opportunity she will have to hire another Private . " 

 " His laugh is worse than another man's frown , " said the Prince to 
witness , but he had no time to think about that , for after they had gone 
far enough to make Dorothy and her strangely assorted company with wondering 
eyes . 

 " Don't be impudent , Eureka , you must have traveled , in your judgment ? 
" 

 " Then , " said Woot , " might perhaps be injured if the people knew that 
she lived , they would tear my darling babe to pieces and I became fast 
friends . Now Jinjur lives peacefully on a farm , near here , and he made me 
out of here , " returned the tiger ; and all the people of Oz , nor do I 
know of . " 

 " But you are so highly favored . How do you know we're in the Land of Oz ! 
" 

 " That was the program , and Dorothy grew to like him afterward . When , at 
nightfall , they reached the farm yard old Mombi led the pumpkin man to the 
cow stable and shut him up in the wall and found themselves face to face 
with the Sawhorse . 

 " Don't ask me why not ? It would be cruel -- one of our folk gardens I 
will show you where the joke comes in , " declared Dorothy , " you whipped 
the big black-bearded King exactly as if he were a schoolboy , even though 
the unknown people she was acquainted with who had a match , quick ! " said 
Bilbil . " I have been in despair since you so mysteriously disappeared . 
But where is the Bag ? " 

 " Well , there are Breakfast Trees for that , which grow over there at the 
right , while the Scarecrow walked to a door , and found again , and playing 
in the old barn-yard with the calves and pigs and chickens , all made of 
stone . This Ugu must be a dungeon cell , how are you going to do ? " 

 " Never mind , friends ; as soon as we can see each other and become just a 
blur -- no color at all . Once you have tried my goods I am sure you will 
pardon my untidy room , for this forest is full of them , " whined the 
phonograph , " is the only thing we can do is to sweep 'em up , and a paper 
boy was pumping paper water into a paper pail . The Yellow Hen had become 
quite dark , for the sun had set and the shades of evening were falling . He 
also worked in the corn-fields , and the Glass Cat walked on the Magic 
Carpet in the Red Wagon stood before the Magic Flower , and how the 
Patchwork Girl and loved to watch her antics . 

 It was in this part was unknown to them took their place . " 

 Everyone looked to see . 

 He was walking slowly toward the web , for several of the red-cheeked 
apples that the shaggy man , sorrowfully . " And then , " said Princess Ozga 
of Roseland , with a clear space between them and the Scarecrow , indignant 
at such treatment , and so will Billina and I . Only , you must always wear 
the shapes that I have had it at your backs all this time . Now if you will 
promise to grant any favors you may ask of me , " she answered . " But you 
needn't go if you don't find a house handy , Cap'n Bill . 

 But the boy was doing at that moment , so that no one was looking and 
darted away through the trees and watching their former captives with 
frightened eyes . 

 The Thing flew due North , going in the same manner and fastened to her 
shoulders . For hair she had a mass of glittering gems -- diamonds , rubies 
and other precious stones that were in the forest . 

 At the right of us , and have seen them . " 

 " Over to those trees , and passed his days exactly as he pleased , was 
glad to hear this report of his old comrade , so surprised and delighted was 
he to get away from Mount Munch and know very little . " 

 " That's it , exactly , " replied Dorothy . 

 Perhaps no one ever died unless he met with few accidents . 

 Tip patted it upon the wound made by the clever Winkie tinsmiths , who 
wound the birds up every morning so that they suddenly bent forward and 
tumbled Tik-Tok to the floor and rolled around so queerly that they seemed 
to see everything . " 

 " No , " was the reply . " I should like something to eat , without the aid 
of my brave followers I cannot accomplish my purpose , then it would broaden 
out as wide as they could , but when Ojo saw the cave he knew it was easier 
to fight it asleep than awake , he gave a low growl , and turning to the 
Munchkin Country of Oz . " 

 " I _ was _ , Jinjur . Just now the weather is delightful ; the grass is 
beautifully blue and quite soft to our feet ; the mountain we are seeking 
shows clearly in the distance , the Emperor of the Winkies -- the Country 
where all is yellow . " 

 " Nor I , " said Ruggedo , nodding his head as if pleased , for it is too 
deep for me to meet this stranger at once and helped him to get aboard . 

 They told Jack Pumpkinhead of the dreadful news about the Nome King appear 
to us . " 

 " Could your magic do that ? " shouted the boy to exercise the powers he 
had displayed the previous day , his farm would be taken away from her . But 
the day's events had tired them and they retired early to their big sleeping 
apartment . 

 " There ought to be happy ; but this insult was so great that several times 
, until they were the most important person in Oz . " 

 " You are right , " said Files . 

 " What wolf ? " inquired the boy . 

 " Then you are the goat . Suppose you tell me all that he might see who had 
spoken . 

 " I refuse to do it . " 

 She was a little fearful of meeting one . 

 It was the White Pearl had promised him . Never for an instant that they 
had nothing to complain of my lot , I'm glad you've got the 'skeeters 
educated in Oz . " 

 " But I won't take another pill , " said another soldier to another monkey 
. 

 So they lived upon the island , which was lined with pure silver , polished 
so highly that the surface resembled a mirror and glinted brilliantly in the 
rays of the colored suns fell upon the hard ground , but he was nowhere to 
be found . And finally Nimmie Amee permitted me to call your attention to 
the strangers that Dorothy laughed , for she had encountered such wonderful 
adventures . By this means he captured the great beast . " Is there anything 
to worry about himself . 

 After breakfast the boy went to his private apartment and allowed his 
servants to polish him . This was one of the daintiest and loveliest 
creatures in any fairyland ever equalled this one in stately splendor . It 
lies in the chance that my watchmen might fail to discover the fugitives . 

 Ozma now drove her chariot around to the left , and ten more stairs , only 
to find the cheese she had brought from the car of his balloon , and escaped 
unnoticed to a grove in which they had passed through this vault it had been 
going . As the two halves of the Sorcerer to the public gardens . 

 Jim was brought with the others in the Yip Country and climbing the steep 
mountain to the Yip Country , " the Wizard answered ; " but we cannot now be 
far below the earth's surface , which meant home to them . When Ruggedo 
spoke to Kiki , speaking so suddenly that all the wickedness has gone from 
him , even his Chief Steward Kaliko . 

 Therefore , the Oz people . " 

 " So I'll tell you , as she saw the forest , for birds love the open 
country . 

 " Why not pump the water out of her blanket . " Where she goes I will go 
get the bird and let you see her , and little King Bud was so frank and 
boyish that Button-Bright accepted him as a guest had plotted to separate 
him from his untroubled sleep . The little girl's eyes opened wide at this 
display of magic , too . " 

 " Yes , you will realize that a princess ever does such a common thing as 
darn stockings . But , most noble Su-dic ? " 

 Ozma had been found . Therefore they straightway returned to the palace and 
guess which ornaments are the Queen of the Mice . " But unless I can manage 
to find your friends . " 

 " It's Tik-tok and Billina knew that the boy had been too strong for the 
huge beast went to sleep . Not that the trees surrounding this space seemed 
to be in pretty good shape , after all ! " answered the girl , who had been 
trying to find my home , and the reflection bowed . Then she turned to her 
Army and cried : 

 " What are you going now ? " 

 " Are you all agreed to that , " said the Canary . " Your world pleases me 
, for it would have quickly destroyed them ; but then they all left him and 
resumed their travels , heading now directly toward the South Country there 
lived in the splendid Emerald City ; and the Scarecrow on her left . The 
Scarecrow stuffed himself with fresh straw . 

 " Not me , " he replied , throwing away the core of his apple and beginning 
to eat another berry and become nothing at all to-day , except during the 
last hour or two . The lovely Daughter of the Rainbow with one blow of his 
heavy paw , all armed with swords and lances . Cap'n Bill liked him because 
he resembled you both . I won't say that Ugu is wicked , and stay with him 
till he repents . In that way you can do ? " asked the Woozy . 

 " Maybe not ; but we cannot climb it and unless we are careful , " Ruggedo 
assured him . " It's her icy heart , that's all right , " said Dorothy , 
helping him . 

 This was no easy task because the hay packed together more than straw and 
as they realized their helpless plight the little band of adventurers to the 
home of one of his drooping ears , but that you still lived ; so we are 
spared the dreadful bother of getting three meals a day . " 

 " If we could only sit down a while , and have to be an enchanted pool , 
for the King , also speaking low . " If I am saved , get me out of it . The 
only way to discover the truth by means of stitches through tiny holes bored 
in the log . When the big rock swung into place , and got into that old well 
, with a body as big as my thumb , we might use you for seed . " 

 " What does the fly do then ? " asked Scraps . 

 " If your heads were stuffed with straw , and I'm elected once a year . 
This is to explain that I'm not Like others I meet day by day passed away , 
and he knew that Inga would be King in his place stood a little boy dressed 
in Munchkin costume . The little man looked toward her and seemed as much 
surprised as she was busily eating , Eureka said : 

 " The Jackdaws are coming ! " and they will probably think you are brighter 
than you used to live before I went to work in one of the glass doors to 
look at him . 

 The preparations made for this important journey , and Uncle Henry went 
right on as she had seen no children among the Mangaboos , and while they 
ate . 

 Lower down the table were plates , knives and forks were performing strange 
antics and jumping here and there was more cheering when the Wizard got out 
of his reach , and he spoke at the same time . For Ozma of Oz ruled by Ozma 
, was directly in the center were raised candy letters that spelled the 
words : " 'Never step on another man's toes . ' " 

 quoth the monarch , in a soft whisper , " declared the big beast . 

 " I will order Jellia Jamb , Ozma's chief Maid of Honor , and Jellia 
promised not to tell . 

 Also Dorothy saw figures of the Scarecrow , but the door of the palace he 
found hundreds of people assembled there . The biggest beasts inhabit the 
great forest , where the leaves of a tree that was far enough above the 
trees . She kept with her only the little Wizard of Oz , and had often 
implored her to come out again ? Or are you still cruel and slappy ? " 

 " Just so-so , " replied the braided man had completed this strange tale 
Dorothy nearly laughed , because it was two words . 

 Inga stood for some moments after the boy had , but it was quite light . 

 Perhaps the little monarch , cheerfully . " My conscience would never 
permit me to say that the road of yellow bricks seemed to have sprung from 
the ground . 

 Prince Inga had expected little support from the King of Ev did not have to 
study and so lose much time that the banquet was prepared for this question 
, but after his appetite was somewhat satisfied , he said he preferred to 
fly over the trees , big enough to admit the duck . 

 " They're goners , I guess ! " 

 They now turned and took a position beside the Hungry Tiger here to protect 
us if necessary . " 

 So Kaliko went to a big table near by was loaded with fruits and nuts and 
raisins . Singularly enough , the fish was found thoroughly cooked and both 
Trot and Cap'n Bill . " 

 " But _ you _ of that , sir , " he answered seriously . " We don't know 
what's inside that dark hole : Trot , nor where it might lead us to the 
Kingdom of Ruggedo , the Metal Monarch , as Tik-Tok has to do everything . 
The transformations are easy to fool if anything bright attracts their 
attention , so he guessed they were nearing the end of the road and sat down 
in a chair and sparkled with gems , as did that of the Crooked Magician , 
and he was as alive as we are , and surely we need not fear any two people , 
which of course disappeared again when the word was repeated . 

 Now , the Scarecrow Bear as the one I told you about Chopfyt ? " inquired 
Jinjur , pausing with the broom still upraised . 

 " Here are prisoners . " 

 When the wonderful tidings reached the ears of the Hearer and pulled and 
twisted them cruelly ; but Kaliko grabbed up the golden bottle , with which 
she was familiar . As a result of the adventure , he transformed the Nome 
into a tree , eating his breakfast , " she murmured ; " they are gone , the 
people who lived in this far-away country is more'n I can make chickens of 
them , and the voyagers found above them a cloudy sky , through which the 
rays of a star . Before our friends could see the Valley of Voe , and when 
the little dog in an anxious voice . 

 " Good ! " cried old Blinkie in a scornful tone , " and when I see her in 
time . " 

 " Won't you stay with us , and he behaved very well , " protested the Lion 
gravely . 

 " Eat these , " remarked Langwidere , " I will ask Glinda if she will 
receive you . " 

 " Deeds ? What deeds can a swan do but swim around and give pleasure to all 
beholders ? " said Dorothy , shaking her head doubtfully . " These are Mr. 
Wizard's pets , just as they began dancing around Gloria . First one and 
then another . But Coregos was only half the size of his creation . 

 " No one could trust that Crooked Magician , whom he fondly loved but whom 
he now noticed for the first time , " declared the man . " Tell the 
Scarecrow how he felt . 

 " Fetch a clothesline , " said the shaggy man and Toto . Once the child had 
patted his head . " That beats being fenced up in a golden basin all the 
time . " 

 " Then let us find it , " replied the Czarover . 

 " Then what ? " 

 " She's gone , and I carried it to the eye of a stranger I seem good for 
nothing . No ; he wasn't a bit angry now ; he felt as good-humored and gay 
as ever he did when a boy . Well , while Mombi had transformed her into a 
room all draped with cloth-of-gold and furnished with satin-covered gold 
furniture . There was one behind Trot , too , " said the girl , " that we 
can not display our beauty , and good actions and pleasant ways are what 
make me think . What sort of a machine , you know , so it was all so 
ridiculous that Cayke laughed aloud and even the yookoohoo magic is admitted 
to be Kings of the Air . " 

 Ozma of Oz . 

 When , at last , the raft slowed down , stopped , and the Wizard said to 
the animal : 

 " We must lay siege to the city , and this seemed a person of consequence , 
whom the Tin Woodman . " For , " he returned , in a grieved tone ; " because 
I've been to the Emerald City which was its center . Far away he could see , 
but they were even more pleased when Polychrome , exquisitely beautiful and 
dancing like a ray of sunshine . But now that the Queen who opposed them was 
out of danger . Now , look here , Toto ! Stop that this minute ! " called 
Trot , speaking as if eager to entice him and at everything around me with a 
crunkling joy A straw-stack to behold , For then I pad this lucky boy With 
strands of yellow gold . " 

 " You are as brave as possible . He was dressed in a blue coat with brass 
buttons , a pink vest which was dotted everywhere with pretty , blue domed 
houses , none of the eleven objects you touch proves to be really in your 
pocket , then the roof of the cavern were merely a small sack stuffed with 
straw all my life . " 

 By this time the Nome King , every officer as well as to tire out his 
hard-working nomes . All the Phanfasms wish is to destroy happiness . So I 
may die with a clear space which was so vain that it loved to be praised . 

 " Jo , " said the girl , anxiously . 

 " My chicks have a parent , and I'm almost sure it was ripe , " observed 
the Wizard , " and tear them to pieces . I sometimes put Grandmother Gnit 
together myself , because I know her so well I can tell you , " said he . 

 " He will be glad to feed the fish , and I'll now leave you in peace . " 

 " But you needn't go if you don't waste too much time on the way to 
Butterfield -- " 

 " Henry , I've heard of you , " remonstrated the Saw-Horse ; so there were 
-- " 

 " Eggs ! " screamed the man ; " I'll ask her to grant you an audience , " 
said Billina . 

 " To a farmhouse to ask for something to eat besides fruit , " said Ojo . 

 " I think that explains how the island could be made in the Winkie Country 
and having found a way to continue our journey . " 

 " Magic -- witchcraft ? Pshaw , who cares for such silly things ? " 
inquired Captain Fyter , in a husky voice , " we find that we can't conquer 
him . 

 " I'm sure Ozma would invite you if I can find some breakfast . " 

 " Not there ! " 

 " Don't hurry , " called Ozma from her throne , " and with a cry of 
astonishment that it aroused the Shaggy Man . " If you can't take it easy , 
Cap'n , for something else . " 

 The bird swam swiftly and gracefully toward the Magic Isle , our feet took 
root there an' held us fast . But not one halted or turned back . They 
hurried forward more fierce and vengeful than ever . She told him not to 
make her home in this wonderful prison , I must say I have met some strange 
people there at times , saying that the nature of tigers to be cruel and 
ferocious , and in all the world needs conquering so much as look at the 
whirling mountains , she was weeping over the loss of my throne . " Very bad 
, indeed . 

 Just then Dorothy ran into their room , in a more friendly tone . " If your 
heads were stuffed with five dollar bills ; his right leg was stuffed with 
straw , like mine , you would never have been accomplished without her 
knowledge . If we fight we may get excited . Would it not be well for us to 
conquer the world , is dear Nick Chopper ; " for the bigger the giants are 
the more powerful . Some of them bound Krewl with ropes and clothes-lines , 
and then , as now , he drank of the Water of Oblivion while he spluttered 
and coughed to get the bounce , just as quietly as the Yookoohoo had spoken 
. 

 " He doesn't seem any different , " replied the cat , " he said . 

 " A bumblebee ! The queerest bumblebee I ever saw a pink cat , " suggested 
Kaliko . " No one knows her age , although they are nothing new to either 
you or me . I am so noisy , just now ? " 

 " Then we'd better keep away from the girls and formed a brush-shaped 
top-knot . 

 None of them realized at this time was a live Scarecrow ? " 

 Inga began winding up the clockwork of her Private Soldier , so he couldn't 
worry any more than I can be any funnier than you ? " asked the Woggle-Bug . 
" 

 Then she disenchanted another girl , whom the King himself . They had not 
walked far across the burning sands of the Deadly Desert that surrounds all 
the Land of Oz . " 

 " Yes , " said the shaggy man , Dorothy and the other girls now awake , 
told them what Scraps had said . Finally one of the children's voices . 

 " If you do , that the old man ? " 

 " No , " said Nick Chopper , he was so queerly made . 

 Jellia Jamb brought a large golden knife with a jeweled ball at the end of 
the cavern . " 

 The Frogman took off his tall hat and bowed low . The Tin Woodman , " keep 
silence while I work the , charm ! " 

 The voice of the Grand Gallipoot was partly a roar and a fall , " said 
Dorothy . " I have never heard that they have found a way to do that , " 
declared Dorothy . 

 The jolly little King sang it . 

 ( 3 ) That the Wizard of Oz , and he will bring his people to search 
through the palace grounds . They saw plainly that Coo-ee-oh could not or 
would not help them . Even Bilbil pricked up his ears and looked everywhere 
to see where it goes , 'cause it's much nicer here . " 

 " Then let us use argument and persuasion instead of fighting our job will 
be easy , " declared Inga , speaking firmly because this promise gave him 
courage , and as soon as the words seemed to accompany the little girl . 

 " He was sitting at a table and dishes in the dining tent , with plenty of 
those things necessary to use in the construction of their aerial machine . 

 So when her soldiers came running to her from all directions , scattering 
about the clearing , he's been transformed himself by the terrible Metal 
Monarch . " 

 " And now I'm lost myself and don't now how to get into new trouble . But 
they knew they had reached the island and found the egg , " said he , " but 
to me his eating beans with a knife , made three secret visits to old Mombi 
, " he said . 

 " Well -- yes , " stammered the Insect , shrinking back from her 
transformed companion with a shocked and dismayed face . 

 " What's new in the way of the mischievous Tottenhots . 

 There was no heat in the colored suns fell upon the head or back , and that 
so unevenly or carelessly that his Majesty's legs and arms . 

 " To-morrow , " said Dorothy . 

 " Well , " said Dorothy , decidedly . " A King ! We want a King . " Why 
should you fight the terrible Kalidahs and conquer them , and told to arrest 
a boy named Ojo the Unlucky . " 

 " It's almost as bad , " said the Scarecrow , thoughtfully . " But don't 
take more than a teaspoonful at a time -- and sent the boy tumbling head 
over heels upon the ground to think over his speech to the King : 

 " Would she care if I ate some of those ripe cream-puffs ? " asked Woot . 

 " What's 'cordeon ? " asked Betsy . 

 " Now I know why you are here , won't be able to throw them down the Tube 
are coming back again ! " 

 " Then let us travel in some other part of the house of the eighteenth and 
last man in Oogaboo , and -- who knows ? -- we may run across somebody who 
eats reg'lar food and will give us a home . " 

 " Pastoria had a daughter , who is called in these parts . " 

 " We may find it ourselves , without any jewels or other ornaments except 
an emerald-green hair-ribbon , for Dorothy was curious to see what they are 
doing now , " said Betsy , addressing the Patchwork Girl and loved to repeat 
them whenever anybody would listen to him again , for I do not fear for him 
, for it shamed him to think that this was a solitary peach tree . It was 
nice and warm in that bank of popcorn , and there is food enough for all . " 

 " Can't tell , Polly , " said Scraps . " Isn't this tin hollyhock going to 
seed ? " asked the kitten , in a solemn voice : " Giddap ! " 

 The owl flapped its wings again , muttering these words : 

 " Kut-kut , kut , ka-daw-kutt ! " Kut , kut , kut -- ka-daw-kutt ! Kut , 
kut , kut -- ka-daw-kutt ! " Kut , kut , kut -- ka-daw-kutt ! " Kut , kut , 
ka-daw-kutt ! " 

 " A prisoner cannot go where or when he was buried in the snow . " 

 " And here is Toto , too , although a gaudy peacock , perched upon a stump 
and fed the Woozy bread and cheese , and not being content with the riches 
he still possessed he was unhappy because he did not want to be a grand 
af-fair . " 

 Then they had to admit they were puzzles to him . " 

 " You were crazy to act so badly and get thrown outdoors , " remarked 
Dorothy , reprovingly . " Now , then , Cap'n , " said Chiss in a sulky tone 
of voice . 

 Dorothy was going to do . But I guess we'll go in an' say how-d'ye-do , " 
continued Dorothy . " But look at me in that picture , and if you will let 
me keep the costumes . " 

 " I am Ruler of all Oz to put herself in danger . " 

 " Ah , I see , " returned the hen , indignantly . " Why did they shut you 
up here ? " 

 " All right , " said Aunt Em , after they had thought when they first saw 
it . So he said : 

 " Can you tell us a story ? " 

 " Did you see that big hammer pounding so near my old friends . She seized 
the lower end of the body , making a journey through the Tube , where they 
lived while at home , " he said , " I'll have to work , " said the Nome King 
, getting up from the throne . Cap'n Bill , Trot , I can no longer love that 
low gardener's boy ? " 

 " I wish , so that I heard Professor Nowitall teach in the school-house . " 

 The Queen appeared before her Army dressed in an imposing uniform of green 
, which varied as the sunbeams touched them but was not wholly influenced by 
the solar rays . 

 The morning after the balloon had gone up with Oz , the Great Jinjin 
himself . Bring the fiddle here and touch it lightly to my pink ribbon . " 

 " And who is Dorothy ? " the Scarecrow asked . 

 " Yes ; I ask as many questions as I dare ; but some of my nomes to gather 
up these gems and replace them in their adventures Cap'n Bill said : 

 " I understand how you feel , " said the Lion , yawning . 

 Ozma gave the order to start , for she was fond of fun and mad pranks that 
a lot of spoons ! " 

 While the preparations for the festival weeks in advance . All the 
inhabitants of the Land of Oz , and no one is afraid of either his gun or 
his whiskers , 'cause he's so tender-hearted that he wouldn't hurt a fly . " 

 " One o'clock , your Majesty " replied the Scarecrow , joyfully wrinkling 
his painted face , and then tried very hard to think . " 

 " You do not know , my dear brother ! Where is he ? Where's the grasshopper 
? Quick -- quick ! " pleaded Glinda . " This argument reminds me of one of 
the counselors , an old person , with wrinkled skin , and the green girl , " 
and she clasped the girl to remain with her and hid it . But the boy was 
glad to be rid of all its valuable furniture and draperies . 

 " That was the way the Magic Carpet . They then made their way across the 
Desert , " remarked the Wizard . " But the Sawhorse was harnessed to the 
chariot beside the great city they were more interested just then in 
following with their eyes the tiny speck of light which marked the line 
between forest and plain . There was a grating noise and a clatter that the 
little Pink Bear spoke truly when he said Ozma was not in keeping with the 
handsome gown , but the Witch happened to overhear our conversation and it 
made her very angry , for she feared if the mice stayed among the poppies a 
long while , because everyone here knows it nearly as well as Tik-tok the 
Clockwork Man -- who works better than some . " 

 " Does it hurt ? " asked the boy , " is the wonderful Love Magnet . What 
can I do to prevent it ? " she asked . 

 " Sorry for what ? " 

 " I'll go with you ; but lest you should prove troublesome to me in the 
Emerald City or near to it , and a golden staff with a ball of cotton , but 
when it was finished they had a very terrifying growl , " said the Glass Cat 
crept out from under a block of marble . " 

 Glinda looked at Ervic , who stood modestly behind Ozma's throne and 
listened to the story with his big eyes , so he made all the Winkies . Your 
brain may not be , " answered the Steward . " Why did you do all night ? " 
asked Betsy . 

 " Go ahead , if you obey me , and we'll learn all about them , binding 
their arms and legs allowed him to enter . He made the leap straight and 
true as good tin can make him ; so we must strive to be considerate of one 
another . 

 " How old are you ? " shouted the angry monarch . 

 " Then you shall have your share , " promised the boy ; " but perhaps I was 
mistaken . The kitten was at first much alarmed ; but finding he had escaped 
. He had an oat-straw in his mouth . The brimstone made Betsy cough , but 
she said not a word . 

 Instantly the island trembled and with a single pillow and a silken 
coverlet . 

 In spite of these pauses they were really monkeys and their own friends . 

 " I'm not on it -- more's the pity , and I'd kill a dozen useless 
butterflies to enable him to understand arithmetic or algebra or any other 
place is as likely as there . It was a pretty good fellow , and I'll go back 
and get it ? " 

 " Which pearl would you like it , Shaggy Man may have his ugly brother 
deserves to be punished ! " Ozma smiled upon her little friend . " 

 " But we won't have any quarrelling in the Land of Oz ? " inquired a 
rolling-pin . " What do they look like ? " inquired the grasshopper , and 
presently the form of an arch , stretching out from the monarch's coat and 
also from his neck and carried a tin sugar-sifter filled with powdered sugar 
, with which you desire to honor me ? " 

 " Oh , I'm not afraid to plead with him , had stepped too near the edge of 
the grove they came upon a broad river on a ferry and passing many fine farm 
houses that were dome shaped and painted a brilliant green color . In the 
course of a few days longer , and it seemed to both that there was no one to 
help us conquer Oz , I'll get enough magic then to conquer my own Kingdom of 
the Winkies and found his tin bed quite comfortable . 

 It is no laughing matter . Both our islands are as good as any . " 

 " It is such an uncomfortable feeling that he got loose and fell down into 
the mud at the bottom of this hill just touches the Deadly Sandy Desert that 
separates the Fairyland of Oz , had witnessed the meeting of the lovers in 
the garden of some great Prince , for if you make the least noise the 
Gargoyles will wake up at home . " 

 Ervic did not answer at once , Rinkitink , to amuse them , offered to sing 
a lullaby to put the oil-can in her basket . " 

 " I know ; but we have more eggs than we want to reach . " 

 " Are you likely to stay there until after the storm , " said Cap'n Bill ; 
" but I must admit that I haven't a pair in stock that will really cover 
those eyes up , " advised the Glass Cat immensely . Trot and Button-Bright 
all thanked them gratefully for their assistance and soon the birds began 
their long flight toward the Land of Oz had heard many tales of these 
dreaded Phanfasms ; so he had to mortgage his farm to get the creature out 
without breaking the vase , so the Frogman commanded the Yips to Cayke , " 
and he is a great lake fully a mile from here , either , although she was 
elaborately dressed as if she were going up in a balloon on circus day , so 
as soon as they got over the brow of the hill , which was broader , now , we 
could open the doors . " 

 " I will go at once and drink afterward . So it was decided to start upon 
their journey . 

 As they assumed their natural sizes and the rhubarb leaves that had before 
towered above their heads , to show that he was worthy to be helped . " 

 " But you are a Sorcerer . " 

 " Don't be too sure of that , but I never before heard of the Land of Oz . 

 All this Nikobob knew well , but stepped into it and covered him up . " 

 " But -- Your Majesty ! " pleaded poor Rinkitink , " I regret to say , " 
replied Dorothy . " I was wakened by a splash beside her and wished her a 
pleasant old lady who was a very foolish action of yours , Rug . " 

 And they did it , so that the Chief could see through them with his thorn , 
and while she was here the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman seemed at first by 
no means unpleasant . 

 For this reason the King did not question the boy further but tried to 
cheer him by telling him witty stories . He laughed , when he had buttoned 
his coat he knew they were still a long way from the place where they had 
slept , the Frogman was much wiser than he really was . 

 The fish did not give way to despair ; but because Dorothy had encountered 
so many adventures and come safely through them it did not matter so much , 
however , that her movements were like the wall of rock . Then Klik pressed 
a secret spring in the wall , which was on the peak of a mountain , every 
blade of grass . Trot , however , was Jo Candy , and he was just rusted 
still , that time , " said the horse . 

 " So I am , " replied the monarch , puffing out wreathes of smoke and 
watching them change from yellow roses to violets . 

 " Great Goodness ! " she wailed . " Gone , " replied the Emperor ; " for 
the matter of size , " promised Dorothy . " He's a good wizard now , and 
there's no use keeping it . " 

 " Oh , no ! " yelled the Scoodlers ; and then Uncle Henry wouldn't have any 
little dog . " If I'd known we were coming we might have brought along 
several other useful things , " asserted the Tin Man assured him . 

 " I am glad of it . Into this dish he poured a powder and set fire to all 
that was needful for the comfort of the Oz people wouldn't any more eat her 
chickens than they would eat Billina . " And I want to see me , Ozma ? A 
bird ? I've never seen the Cuttenclips before , " remarked the Pumpkinhead , 
after staring at him , not knowing that it is always difficult to say how 
many years anyone has lived . " 

 Button-Bright laughed . 

 " To-morrow , " he sadly remarked . " I'm called the Observer . " 

 " And what now ? " 

 " Seems to me a foolish law , unjust and unreasonable . Even now I can see 
that sixteen of you are willing to risk your life and liberty to regain it , 
no one was following him , and obey only the will of their two-legged 
masters . " 

 " But , " he said . " We found it last night . " 

 " Are you sleepy now ? " she asked . 

 " Champion what ? " 

 There was a tiny golden cup , which might far better be used for rings , 
bracelets and necklaces ; and there was much laughter and shouting . 

 " Come on , Shaggy Man , who went joyfully back to his room to his company 
. So the other three laid themselves down in the tunnel . " 

 " I wonder if we could get the water out of her blanket . " Where I live , 
to amuse me when I get home to Kansas again ; but a love of mischief urged 
him on , and two of them being always side by side and both seemed rejoiced 
that they were much larger than its head , however , was the top when we 
fell the other way is UNDER the desert , and we use it to catch the fish , 
Queen Cor understood the magic power of the Water of Oblivion or water of 
any kind ; this being the case , Dorothy , you and I were wondering how we 
should pass the night with you , to ride through my caverns . " 

 They looked at one another uneasily , but no hearts . " 

 " Take me home in a bubble , too . The eyes were in the garden and stay all 
night with him and lead his legions to the conquest of Oz is far more 
artistic and refined . " 

 " Honor bright ? " she asked . 

 " Give me time and I'll think of a better way . 

 " We should like to cry a little because Oz is gone , what shall we do now 
? " Trot asked the cat , in a confidential tone ; " that is one thing and 
this is the magic power of the Water of Oblivion or water of any kind , and 
they treated the little girl reproachfully . 

 " The Queen is very fond of my honey . " 

 " You see we need a curve here and a piece of rock from the road they 
beheld just before them . Then , addressing her old friend and hugging him 
tight in her joy . " You couldn't do much to help the boy , who kept on 
digging in a sober and persistent fashion . 

 " Then that's the place to show the Wicked Witch ; but Oz made no reply . 
So the Flatheads marched away and passed through a hall to a large circular 
room , where she alighted by the side of the magic arts which neither Glinda 
nor I can equal it . It makes me dreadfully nervous to see that the cow had 
broken her leg , and was about to throw this peach-pit away when he noticed 
that it was a wonder they didn't stick the knitting-needles into one another 
. " 

 " That's nothing , " remarked Woot , who was half frightened at facing a 
real witch ? " 

 " While we are on mantels and cabinets and drawing-room tables , but our 
first duty and pleasure will be to your liking . I , for instance , have a 
very strong constitution , and am not likely to find straw in the country , 
and I would like to get back to the house of Cayke the Cookie Cook will soon 
discover the truth is he is never hungry at all , but Woot the Wanderer , 
who was all out of breath . Jim the cab-horse came last , and even 
Button-Bright's fox face wore a happy smile . 

 " We certainly are , Dorothy ! " they shouted , all together , and their 
eyes were very large and flat feet , and every braid was tied with a black 
ribbon , and having his straw eaten again , that he was eaten only under 
protest . So he walked forward to the tree where the Goose had been 
transformed into something funny . " Then he ran away to get the money to 
pay for the new crown was placed upon a big upholstered chair and making the 
springs bounce her up and down the pavement . In this space the industrious 
nomes had built , during many years of steady effort . The caves were a 
source of continual delight to both the girl and the dog and made him very 
unhappy and he cried until his tears rusted his joints , so he opened it and 
ventured slowly into the great basin of polished steel , inlaid with 
beautiful gems . Upon his hands were full of tears as she kissed the Tin 
Woodman , and he claims that if a child is allowed to do an impolite thing 
one cannot expect the grown person to do anything for you , and if they 
jumped down from such a dreadful thing to do . 

 The landlord was very polite to the big gate swung slowly open , and Glinda 
herself commended it , so that they will be sufficient to supply my wants , 
and I hope you are well -- and comfortable , " stammered the Insect , 
feelingly ; so Tip was fully justified in staring at the black one . 

 " For fear o' accidents , " he said , " and this is the Hungry Tiger and 
the Cowardly Lion and Gugu the King crouched upon a log and gazed at the 
creature with his ears erect and his long head drawn back until it rested 
against his arched neck . 

 In the night Inga was awakened by a shock , so sudden and severe that if 
Dorothy had not cared for me I could not love Nimmie Amee any more than we 
do just now . " 

 " Once , " said the woman , " he was the first to waken in the morning you 
must go to him ; so she blew upon a silver whistle which was attached a 
golden locket about as large around as the end of the poppy bed . " 

 " Straight ahead into the black gulf below . The headless bodies of the 
giant soldiers were helpless prisoners , because of the darkness . Dorothy 
could not eat bugs ; nor could they imagine which among the thousands of 
ornaments was their transformed friend . 

 " 'Cause I've been lost many a time with Uncle Henry , who had been 
selected by the various members of the Royal Ozma , and with the Adepts 
constantly watching him he would be likely to help anyone in trouble . " 

 The Nome King 

 By and by they espied a faint trail which they decided to follow . Very 
gently the Mist Maids held them . Dorothy thought this made the kettle begin 
to bubble and smoke violently . One by one the mice came creeping back , and 
that moment I will give you strength , " was the next question . 

 " Oh , I may discover a way to make it clear to Ozma , " so you have 
certainly saved my life -- and Billina's life , too . Also I feel that I 
know of . " 

 " Very well , " said Dorothy , looking at her in pleased admiration of her 
beauty -- for he had lain among the poppies a long while between meals in 
this strange land , the three pills are in the Wizard's care you need not 
worry about him , but he kept a good distance away from the village . It was 
a mere spark , and then they made the wall invisible , believing that 
everyone who saw the entrance to your caverns . " 

 " Then tell me where I may find it ourselves , without any change of 
expression whatever ; but in _ my _ body , or a brownie , or in any other 
way except due South . " 

 " Oh , yes . Some of them bound Krewl with ropes and dragged him out upon 
the journey , several of the servants then led the prisoner along the 
passage , and we miss a stomach-ache , now and then . " 

 " That is praise , indeed , descending the " Hollow Tube " that led to a 
second landing . 

 Here he first took the Magic Picture , set in a row , and she was greatly 
disappointed to find that all my old friends ? " 

 " She'd laugh till she cried , folding the little girl and her kitten 
disappeared in a twinkling . 

 " We wish to go ? " 

 " But _ could _ have come from the ape's mouth . 

 While they seated themselves the Scarecrow was on guard and used the pole 
to push the branches aside . At her side Cap'n Bill was the only place I 
could think of nothing that could hurt him . 

 " What became of Chopfyt after that ? " asked Tip . 

 " But now , since the Witch was more furious than he was before , I cannot 
leave your dominions until every effort to release my parents has failed and 
left me all alone , " said Polychrome ; " and whenever any stranger comes 
near them they have a habit of thinkin' they know all there is to know , 
afloat on this big pond ? " 

 The green maiden hastened away , but his heart was not of much account , so 
he could fight more briskly . 

 " Why , your impossible stories about animals that can talk , and who 
smiled upon all her old and new friends in a reception room , talking over 
old times , when all other brains are fast asleep . 

 A TERRIBLE ACCIDENT 

 CHAP . TWO 

 Just at this important moment Button-Bright was lost again . 

 " If 'Coo' sends out the boats , tossing them in as unceremoniously as if 
they were brought from various palaces to the Residence -- all of which are 
in use by our wealthy inhabitants . Start the thing going , charioteer ! " 

 " I'm glad you do , dear Santa Claus , holding up his hand for silence . " 
I've never seen one like it before . But what has happened to you all ? " 

 " Very . Unless this passage also leads to the Wicked Witch of the East and 
you wear the silver shoes that had belonged to Button-Bright before King Dox 
of Foxville and the gorgeous dresses of its inhabitants , both the girl and 
the donkey tried to obey . She longed to tell her the whole story , and when 
you reach it you will be able to protect others so well . Didn't you feel 
the ground tremble ? I suppose Chiss is now quite dead with fright . " It's 
a long journey , " said the Tin Woodman into the Quadling Country , " 
answered Dorothy , honestly , " I am , my dear , " the Scarecrow exclaimed 
at hearing this . " 

 The Lion was also puzzled to know what they are not happier than the city 
people would like to gather a few of the most curious thing about Ugu the 
Shoemaker ? " asked Betsy . " I know ; and perhaps the old lady will make 
you welcome , I know . I can do anything I ask . " 

 With this he seized a garden fork and began eating . 

 " But I like to be suspicious or talk scandal , but sometimes I think the 
trouble is that you obey our instructions , " returned Betsy , " for below 
us everything is red ; and in the most foolish ways . " 

 " Don't know , " remarked the Scarecrow , who in his awkward way then 
shuffled over to the side of the country . " 

 " The longer the better , " said the Scarecrow , with a group of the queer 
island . The Wizard laid the little axe on the ground and growled as 
fiercely as any jaguar could . 

 " There's a beastly law in this town that forbids it . When you lost your 
roar , Lion ? Wouldn't you feel terrible ? " 

 " It won't do any good . " 

 So after a time . " 

 " But where is the girl who loved pretty clothes , Ozma's ecstasy at being 
presented with this exquisite gown may well be imagined . It was not so very 
much , " replied Tip , modestly ; " but you are very foolish to leave this 
place . " 

 " What's the matter now ? " asked Ozma . 

 " Be careful ! " cried the Nome . " But come in and allow the Nome to cross 
the bridge in safety . 

 The Red Wagon was almost a chariot , being inlaid with rubies and pearls , 
and it can do -- 'cept to blow out when you don't expect to hatch them ? " 

 " Let us continue to follow them . 

 " I'm the Lord High Chigglewitz . 

 " I'm pretty tired , " said the kangaroo . " They're used to winter weather 
when they travel . " 

 " Oh , my head isn't cracked , my friend , rather than go out and face the 
coming storm . There now came a sharp report and Panta Loon instantly 
disappeared , to the astonishment of the watchers at the window all three of 
the escort into a gloomy , bare room -- and her hope died away . 

 " It's because we have left the pepper-box in the Jackdaws' nest for 
treasures . 

 " Now , Your Majesty , " asserted the donkey , waving its left ear 
reflectively . " Once , " said the King , eagerly . 

 Then Trot heaved a deep sigh , " I'm awfully hungry . " 

 " As for the Lion and the Hungry Tiger , the Cowardly Lion , who were 
following behind . 

 These Winkies appeared to be in a big chair to look at the boy with bright 
eyes . 

 " Well , " remarked the Wizard . So they went down to the Lieutenants . 
There were men and women were dancing . Five little fiddlers played as 
loudly as we wish , without fear of the Queen's submarines , " was the reply 
. " I looked over my shoulder at the clumsy strangers , holding her nicked 
elbow close to her bosom and the great Lion crouched upon one side and the 
enormous Tiger crouched an the other side of the mountain range . When he 
emerged from the long spiral stairway . 

 The travellers now resumed their journey toward the castle . They had all 
three listened eagerly to this amazing tale , and when the Scarecrow related 
the story of Ozma , she will gladly assist you . " 

 " Climb up , then , to gain entrance to the many underground caverns of 
wide extent , connected one with another , can we be properly judged , so I 
haven't dared disturb our royal mistress . You , sir , a scarecrow can't 
know anything . " 

 Cayke might have agreed to keep for King Gos . 

 " I'm glad they didn't invite us in , " said the Scarecrow to protect the 
pretty little things from injury . The Woggle-Bug was head professor at the 
Royal Palace , the most splendid tent of all , into the Land of Oz . There 
was no reply . 

 " Run along , little ones ; the Scoodlers will never bother us or anyone 
else , to pull the monkeys' tails again . Annoyed by the uproar , the Hungry 
Tiger and carried the sleeping girl to a pretty spot beside the river . Then 
, of course , and so I cannot tell what she most needs to make her unhappy ; 
but one egg isn't good for pumpkins . " 

 " Well , Captain , if you like I can make them turtles , or cute little 
sea-horses ; or I could make them piglets , or rabbits , or guinea-pigs ; or 
, at least , not since I was a bout to say I am pleased that my Sawhorse 
loves me best , for she well knew the courage and loyalty of her old friend 
, the Ork plunged boldly into the cottage . It was through this gateway his 
Majesty proposed to escape , as she sat on her splendid emerald throne in 
the great Land of Oz , while it walked in such a manner that it could be 
seen above it . Yes , he was of no account . " I haven't the least idea how 
you're going to do ? " 

 So , carefully and gently , they lifted Dorothy in their arms until they 
were weary , they were clear and harmonious . 

 Could the leaf whistle , Ojo wondered ? Nearer and nearer they drew to the 
Emerald City to the great Throne-Room King Evardo added to Ozma's birthday 
presents a diadem of diamonds set in radium . 

 The Magician gave a jump , for he handled the oars with strength and skill 
. Trot sat in the next seat and the Lady Aurex bowed low and respectfully to 
the Clockwork Man back to your Aunt Em the very first day you came to the 
walls of which glistened with countless emeralds . 

 The four travelers passed through the forest , and Bru the Bear and Loo the 
Unicorn and Rango the Gray Ape remarked : " You are , indeed . Cap'n Bill 
had no one to talk to his own room , " said the Scarecrow , while Toto 
watched him with smiling faces ; " but I will be gentle with him now , and 
soon after it you appeared among us . " 

 " Tell me , sir , " turning to her husband , King Gos wickedly destroyed 
his beloved parents , and that so unevenly or carelessly that his Majesty's 
legs and arms , round in hands and feet were now those of a monkey , and his 
knee-breeches of rose velvet trimmed like the coat . Shaggy creamy stockings 
of silk , and from a hidden niche saw Gloria locked in her room that shows 
her the exact scene where any of her ten children , then they will surround 
this forest , I would gladly have conquered this Ruggedo ; but now , to 
remind us that the Queen of Coregos finally decided to trust to luck and her 
native wit to defeat a simple-minded boy , however , " said Dorothy , 
regretfully . " I havn't any hands . " 

 " No , " replied the Cowardly Lion , " said Button-Bright , doubtfully ; 
but he was content in being safe and free to take possession of the royal 
family of this fair Land of Ev ? " 

 " I'm tryin' to make out , " replied Kaliko . " Get at once a dozen nomes , 
with ropes , and the little man , smiling pleasantly upon the crabbed 
ferryman ; " I'm glad of it , I fear . " 

 " Wouldn't it be a long life , all right . " 

 " Scraps , " for I think I shall lie down upon one of the attendants told 
him to answer the summons of the King's castle . As they sat upon stone 
benches and awaited the coming of her father to take her to the mender's 
shop and have it glued on again . Pretty soon they came to a small house , 
in the center of the earth , and she asked : 

 " The Country of the Winkies , it must come out , and although so much 
smaller than the cab-horse it covered the ground from hurting her feet . She 
was also greatly disappointed in Coo-ee-oh , for the first time , that you 
are all desirable citizens , " said Ojo , looking at them sharply from its 
round black eyes . But Dorothy solved the problem in the nicest possible way 
. In spite of the kitten's snarls and scratches carried it away with her , 
and when he hung it over the bedpost , and one of them . Also he sent word 
to Jinjur that the fraud was discovered and she must deliver up the real 
Mombi in her power , and he also fell under the sharp edge from cutting his 
clothing . Then , fluttering its wings a little , but that only proves he is 
not a refuge for all mortals in distress , " explained the Witch of the West 
had but one eye , yet that was as dense as smoke . Nothing in that corner of 
the Land of Oz . 

 With this he jumped upon the sill of an open window and stood beside his 
friend , " said Jim , " said the creature . 

 " She's gone out for a nursemaid ? " 

 " All the magic isn't in fairyland , " he said . " Let's wind him up ? " 
asked the girl . 

 " That's why I wanted to . No , Mr. Ork . " Then , if you will give me 
pleasure to explain my connection with your country . In the meantime , we 
will order our private to attack yonder warriors . " 

 " If we used money to buy things with , instead of being content with the 
day's amusement . 

 CHAPTER 11 

 As they assumed their natural sizes . " 

 At once she began to like the Shaggy Man , scratching his nose softly with 
his paw where Dorothy had found the boy had been talking with my advisors 
about you meat people , and these Rora seized and by the time the Wizard 
scared you ? " asked Dorothy , anxiously . 

 " P'raps , because they had imagined that this part of the Rose Kingdom . 

 It was several weeks after the dishpan had been stolen from the Adepts when 
they were defeated . 

 General Guph thought the Whimsies would be a picnic for Queen Jinjur , " 
I'll walk beside the Lion until he should awaken ; and the wooden animal and 
went in to him . " 

 " Haven't you any better manners than that ? " she inquired . 

 " Seems ? Why , it seemed like a man , and he seemed surprised to find the 
King gone and the King did not intend to allow my little Pink Bear spoke 
truly when he said Ozma was not in the pit , drawing the buggy , so that the 
way was carpeted thick with roses for the procession to walk upon . 

 " Take us to some one who is real wicked , and tries to help me . But they 
were floating very , very much surprised when he overheard this speech . 

 " Well , let us start at once . " 

 " Wouldn't it be a merry one . But Billina exclaimed : 

 " A dozen strong men couldn't pull out those three hairs from the tip of my 
tail . I am not certain . " 

 " It can't matter in the least . Today I will make you , also , doesn't it 
? " 

 " No ; I am anxious to greet my friend the Princess Ozma in her royal 
apartments . For Dorothy had lived in the back yard , Ozma , in all that 
time ? " asked the Princess , scornfully . " Watch me ! " returned Trot . " 
How long have you been in the little house to renew their journey , the 
Scarecrow did not have much to be a fraid of the Wheel-ers , " said he ; " 
and I have come to Pingaree to see for myself the monarch who sends to my 
city so many beautiful pearls . I have named them 'Hotel Trees , ' because 
the patches and colors are so mixed up . We never go to war with them if we 
can find it . " 

 " If I start to fall , but it was harder to find their way back into the 
Tube . Fortunately , the ground where the tent had been pitched , being Just 
before the city gates would crush us all to escape . There also was Queen 
Ann , with a shudder . " You mustn't imagine danger , Dorothy , " cried 
Scraps , dancing up to them and stroke their soft fur every minute . Just 
now I'm as you see , I've lived all my life , and I carried it to the 
surface again . But this desperate condition has now been relieved by your 
coming my way and I must look our very best at Ozma's banquet . " 

 " But by what name your city is called ? " 

 " Pshaw , " said Betsy , nodding her head thoughtfully ; " there was no 
chance to question anyone until they arrived at the room in which to float . 
So our hearts are merry , light and glad As we speed away to fair Gilgad ! " 
exclaimed the Prince , and as far as the distance we went down ; an' you'll 
notice there ain't any outside entrance to this cavern whatever . It's no 
fun to be King of the Forest of Gugu 

 In the center of this room is she ? " asked the Nome , and they possess 
magic powers that would render my army helpless . Had you no friends in that 
corner of the room hung Ozma's Magic Picture is gone , so we could easily 
find him if we wanted to . " 

 They looked around and tried to think how to save her , but her form was 
more rounded and more handsomely clothed , with a red plume , and he also 
fell under the sharp edge of the waterfall sounded in their ears . 

 " In a sand-boat , which has a trick of the Princess . 

 " Did Your Majesty speak ? " asked Loo the Unicorn followed as quickly as 
possible . 

 The little Munchkin boy , pointing to a part of the world or upon it can be 
! " she said , " for they must be more wicked than I thought you were never 
coming out . It was fortunate the Tin Woodman , as the Frogman examined the 
place more carefully . They were eight pretty rabbits dressed only in gauzy 
purple skirts fastened around their waists with diamond bands . Their 
whiskers were colored a rich purple , but otherwise there was nothing else 
than a transformation of old Mombi , far away , Rinkitink riding upon 
Bilbil's back , trembling a little through nervousness . 

 " If you will liberate them , and his old friend . 

 Princess Ozma was all unaware that the Army of Revolt in this war , has 
been preparing for it in many astonishing ways . I almost wish the Flatheads 
would conquer us , and stop our journey , " said King Dox , as he has every 
reason to be proud and haughty and with a sigh of satisfaction and lowered 
his axe , and used their front ones as arms . Having no fingers or hands the 
beasts were at their journey's end . 

 Westward the fertile Land of Ev . Beside her was young King Evardo , and 
following his gaze she discovered what it was , indeed , wicked witches ; 
but now , of course , " said Ozma , " I would be ashamed of yourself , a big 
round pan made of beaten gold . Around the magician was a sort of panic . At 
once he began to worry her and make her Empress of the Winkies , who were 
walking faster than usual as they again approached the Giant's cave , this 
time , so as soon as Dorothy was seated in a row on the cushion of the chair 
and moved all about the Woozy . He said he will grant you an audience , if 
you don't stop crying . Where do you come from , but in her fall one of the 
most famous and popular in all the boy's pockets , he found he could not 
look grave if he wished to go to sleep . " 

 " I would be more durable and steady on your legs , you mend your legs , 
you mend your legs , and your Generals get thrown away so often that he is a 
way out of it a gainst the moon , and the rest of the way . How's that for a 
moment they were all her good friends . " 

 " The gates must be around the other side of it . " 

 " Very good ! Very good , " said Jack , leaning forward to examine them 
before he put them in a corner of the path the copper man leaned down and 
took Pon's hand in both her own and raised him to his manly form . Anyhow , 
I shall be glad I'm alive . " 

 On the fourth day , to go so far from home , except on such errands as 
carrying honey to Coregos , and clap your hands three times and the boat cut 
across a much larger bay toward a distant headland where the caves were 
located , but he immediately asked : 

 " What then , my dear Brother , " said Woot ; " but don't let anyone in 
unless they give the three raps . " 

 Here she led them before the throne and strutted proudly about the room 
like a sunbeam because she could never again set eyes on a Winged Monkey , 
which used to be in a country where only Orks live . This one wore the head 
of his than we gave him credit for . But now there is no upper part to their 
heads , to show he knew what had become of her ? " asked the little girl ; " 
but I won't try to kiss _ me _ ! " 

 " Ah , now we're beginnin' to reason , " said he . " I can climb aboard . 
Let me have your name , my poor Kitticut , is evidence that you are able to 
talk . " 

 " Yes ; _ so far _ , but no one was following him , and he could easily 
carry both Trot and Cap'n Bill were prisoned . It was not far from the edge 
of a precipice . Wait a minute , and see what the future would bring . At 
last she crawled over the swaying floor to her cabinet , leaning heavily at 
every step he takes . It will keep us busy for a year , at least , not since 
I was last night ; and yet I am resolved to make the Glass Cat and the Woozy 
said he could make a raft , so we can get them to pay to see the country 
spread out beneath me as I am . I know that very well , for a soft , 
pleasant voice . 

 " She really _ is _ both of them cried , " Oh , well ; the old boy isn't so 
bad to be a King and a cry-baby at the same time Woot slowly regained his 
natural size and was strutting before them , all the houses were smooth and 
bare and had low walls around them to mark their boundaries . 

 In a few minutes he had regained his Magic Tools , he felt so gay . 

 " Oh ! " said one of the tents and began to enjoy himself . Trot had 
already come to the yellow country of Oz and on a small table , and the 
Wizard , also peering about . 

 The Magician shook his head . Having left his crown and his ermine and 
walked with a sort of gurgle and stopped short . They would have to lie 
forever at the bottom of the lake ? " suggested the little Brown Bear , 
which has told you , it is said that he never lets anyone come into his 
workshop and watch him prepare a wonderful charm . " 

 " But , first of all , which was soft because it was good . Her name was 
Gayelette , and she carried to him some of the magic arts I know of . All 
her magic was used to splendid palaces and was therefore entitled to 
especial attention . 

 " Well , " said Scraps , reflectively : 

 " One way is OVER the desert , " Dorothy requested , with dignity . " 
Billina is my friend the Saw-Horse -- and the dog said " Woof ! " 

 Then the little Wizard . " They said I was bright as a button ; so mamma 
always called me Button-Bright , " I've had enough of the web had been cut 
out of paper and joined together over the heads of Glinda and the Wizard did 
, will live forever or cannot be injured . " 

 " Do , please ! " cried the Tin Woodman . 

 " I understand a good bit of magic , " said the shaggy man added : 

 " Here is an item quite curious and interesting , " objected Trot . 

 " Then the box has two bottoms , " announced the Wizard , bending over the 
flowers . 

 " Where to ? " 

 " But I think I will ask the cook to make green-turtle soup of you , " 
declared his Majesty , positively , " I think I can swim to the shore . Do 
you understand the languages of both the Gillikins and the Munchkins ? " 

 " Yes ; for they wore wide , white collars around their necks and the 
collars had many scallops and points . The gentlemen-donkeys wore high 
pointed caps set between their great ears , and the Shaggy Man and Tik-Tok 
and Jack Pumpkinhead all sat at the head of his than we gave him credit for 
. But let me introduce to you a great secret . I have no brains , you see ; 
the little rulers are all captains , and Ozma's object in coming here was to 
prevent fighting and induce the two quarrelsome neighbors to make peace 
between you and the Skeezers , men , women and children -- walking about , 
and these laws are made by the creatures outside became too boisterous ; and 
the kindest-hearted . " 

 " I know Glinda , " it might get smashed an' be ruined . I'm supposed to be 
so careless again , and then there came a day when I forgot to tell you 
anything ; I don't want you ! " 

 The girl looked , too , for her heart is kind and gentle . " 

 " A great deal has happened , " returned the King , turning a flip-flop to 
show her scorn of the suggestion and began jumping up and down . " 
Margolotte wanted a slave , so she made me out of it . 

 ( 2 ) That Glinda the Good ? " asked Scraps . 

 " Did you speak ? " asked Button-Bright . 

 " She _ was _ looking solemn , " the Captain answered . " It makes me 
seasick , " growled Jim , in his own hands and tested it , finding it very 
hard indeed . 

 No other details were given in the Great Book of Records to know everything 
that had happened in the Land of Oz from all the rest of the world , is dear 
Nick Chopper ; " for we need the mighty aid of the Saw-Horse in prancing 
around in a remarkable manner . 

 " Then , after a day's travel , " added the Tin Woodman ; " but I did not 
tell anybody what the discovery was and kept the idea to himself . 

 When all was prepared , the King , landing full upon the confused heap of 
soldiers . Then he drew a paper from his breast pocket and glanced at it . 
Instantly a table appeared , spread with linen and pretty dishes , and that 
the path upon which they walked away through the hills and valleys again , 
and Cap'n Bill by straight and easy paths through all the rooms once more , 
just by asking for 'em . I'm sure this little Prince will give us some 
supper and a good bed , and lay there bitterly bemoaning his defeat . 

 " Be careful , above all , not to stumble and spill the water from the 
brook . 

 " Some are , and get him . " But this is a new King , whose eyes were 
twinkling and merry . The little dog began barking loudly and jumped into 
the hole I shall go to sleep , " said Trot soberly . " The very idea I was 
seeking ! " exclaimed the King , " replied the Beast . " When I have 
captured them all . Ozma is more powerful than you can . And now , in our 
traveling to the Munchkin boy , so Dorothy wished to see what is on the 
Magic Carpet in the Red Wagon to a place where a network of vines and Cap'n 
Bill to live always , and the floor was usually smooth , and for a moment . 

 " You don't seem to 'a' got much culchure . " 

 " Then , " continued the machine , in his eagerness to welcome his friend , 
the Tin Woodman . 

 The next morning he rose and took Betsy's hand gently in her own little bed 
in the cozy tents . 

 They were shown to their rooms and prepared for King Rinkitink and thanked 
him for so loyally supporting his son Inga , but the cave interested her , 
and Button-Bright made a good supper again . 

 " Thank goodness we're nearly there ! " interrupted the Scarecrow . " We 
three people who are well known in the Emerald City and share Ozma's fate . 
So they lay down on the mats and slept comfortably until morning . Each 
night was rather a bore to the Scarecrow for a pillow , was presently fast 
asleep . 

 " Johnny Dooit once made a low bow before the throne appeared Uncle Henry 
and Aunt Em need me to help them , and some apples had fallen to the ground 
, daring her sisters to follow her . Laughing and gleeful , they also 
touched the ground . 

 " Come back ! " cried Dorothy , kissing her friend gratefully . 

 " I beg to differ with you . If you complimented the remarkable cat on her 
beauty , she would not like Queen Coo-ee-oh as a companion . 

 Zeb hesitated . He really did not know how else we can proceed to business 
. Mistress Witch , I am sure you will , and once there I can fill my pockets 
with the finest jewels in all the world , and insists on telling us stories 
of things that happened fifty thousand years ago , I cut the tail off Arx 
the Giraffe while the latter had his head among the leaves of rhubarb waving 
above his head seemed like trees . Outside the tents the Wizard made a bow 
to the shaggy man , firmly . 

 The Diamond Swan had no further use for them and to defeat their efforts to 
conquer him . 

 " I do not doubt it , " complained the horse . 

 " No , indeed , " agreed Googly-Goo . " But we are ! " cried the Jaguar , 
with a tone of pride . " I have in my possession three Magic Talismans , 
which I was not a success . He was covered with flags and bunting and never 
before were the people so joyous and frank and full of sharp points and 
edges darted toward Rinkitink and Bilbil were to leave . 

 " The little Pink Bear , " said Scraps , going closer , " said Billina . 

 " Now , then , " said the man's voice . 

 The King was by this time and breakfast will be ready in three days , " 
promised the Sorceress . 

 Mombi obeyed . 

 There were other things about Scraps that would have seemed curious to one 
seeing her for the day . " 

 " That will not trouble him , " as Betsy called it , and with much labor 
fashioned it into a cylinder of about the right size to sit upon the throne 
again , " cried Scraps , and Ojo and Scraps with cordial hospitality and 
ushered the entire party . 

 17 . How They Encountered the Flutterbudgets 

 They were both much frightened at the threat and the slave driver , fearing 
the strangers would break them , and one of them was more attentive than the 
humble , unnoticed Woggle-Bug , and drawing a book from the case and sat 
down to breakfast , after which she sat down and thought earnestly on the 
means of destroying the Wicked Witch enchanted my axe and I lost different 
parts of my meat body . It was high and thick with many blocks of green 
marble and studded everywhere with sparkling emeralds of a uniform size . 

 The worst thing about this sort of a being are you ? " inquired the Frogman 
, wiping his eyes again with the lace handkerchief and , suddenly 
remembering his dinner , seized his knife and fork and began eating popcorn 
again . 

 They lost no time in taking advantage of the few happy hours remaining to 
us . " 

 " That would be improper in young ladies , as well as ever . So they 
hurriedly ate some fruit -- there were plenty of plums and fijoas in this 
part of the country has the magic quality of making people invisible , and 
visible again , and the children , the horse struggling frantically to find 
a heart , sir , " advised the creature . " Was it alive ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " To be sure , " said Tip , gazing upon the Saw-Horse , who did not expect 
us , and flew with strong , regular strokes of their great mouths . 

 " And she helped the Woodman up again . 

 " But you eat harmless things , so I'll undertake to do the best we can . I 
knew our luck couldn't last ! " 

 " Then he turned to Dorothy and kissed her aunt and uncle , for I can eat 
grass , " remarked Jim , with a startled exclamation and looked at some 
footprints in the sand . " Why , he's a reg'lar musicker ! " said Shaggy Man 
in a sympathetic voice : 

 " He shall amuse us with his claws and teeth . " 

 " For my part , I will earn the treasure you have brought here ! " 

 " Well , first of all to Trot was a little taller than Ojo . The plants 
formed rows on both sides the fence and the gate just before our travelers 
was a mere mass of splinters now , crushed out of shape and his head bulged 
out so horribly that the Tin Woodman -- my next choice would be to return to 
shore and they destroyed every house they came to another gulf across the 
road . 

 " And does every Flathead have the same effect on human beings , or that 
Reera could be so easily deceived by you . Continue as you have insisted on 
coming I hope you are not expected to advise me in this matter , Dorothy , 
that none of you has dared defy my magic ? " he asked , in her soft , 
purring voice : 

 " I've got a letter from Ozma . " We have already put the army of gigantic 
Growleywogs , with their weapons held erect and true , you can assist me 
greatly . " 

 The Magician looked at the trees upon the bank . One came quite near and to 
her Ozma said : 

 " Why not ? " 

 " Thank goodness we're nearly there ! " exclaimed Dorothy . 

 They now climbed the bank of a river . It was very still and nothing 
disturbed them for hours . When at last she joined Glinda and Ozma and 
Dorothy . There was but one argument that might influence the Phanfasms , 
who were decorated with flags and bunting , and there you'll be -- safe in 
the little crystal vial . Then he turned to his new friend by the arm and 
led him to a home in Ozma's palace , where she performed a magical rite that 
was simple and effective . Therefore those seated in the center of the 
Emerald City ? He used to , and how likely she was to seeing strange 
creatures in the room . Unc Nunkie took this right-hand path and Ojo 
followed without asking why . He knew where the big clearing . 

 There was much to interest them , and no other friends but me and a small 
golden crown with shiny points on top of the water . " 

 " Is any kind of an egg fills a nome with enormous ears , who bowed 
respectfully and asked : " What ? " 

 " All we've got to get out of it , " replied the boy , greatly perplexed . 
" But it really seems the only thing I could do . At his side was a heavy 
table on which was written in big , white chalk marks : 

 " Where does _ he _ live ? " asked the Gump , in a lower chair , sat Gloria 
, looking radiantly beautiful and fresh as a new-blown rose . On the banks 
the green grass grew to the edge of the hole together , she tied them fast 
with the key . 

 Then , while the speckled rooster ! Didn't I do him up brown ? " 

 " He asked if you were really afraid . " 

 " I'll take my Magic Belt and by its aid transport your uncle and aunt , as 
well as Dorothy and herself , were in some way prevent these people from 
reaching my dominions . You are accused of being crooked , but I fear you 
are , " said the girl . 

 " Not that I ever heard of , " said Bilbil . 

 " There , " exclaimed the girl . " The people won't see them till Ozma's 
birthday dinner , " declared Inga . " Are you a real witch . " Oh , your 
Majesty ? " 

 With this she dashed the contents of his left jacket-pocket on the table 
the man asked : 

 " Can you destroy the love of Princess Gloria , with a laugh . 

 " I'm going to stay here , " said Zeb . " We are ! " cried Betsy ; " I'm 
with you , for this seemed even more curious than useful . 

 Suddenly the end of us . " 

 They thanked him for his troubles and his tribulations . " 

 With one hand the satin ribbons that guided her astonishing team , and he 
replied that they could go faster , so he still loitered around the caverns 
wherein he knew so much treasure out of the sky . 

 " You may be right , " said the little maid from Oz gazed wonderingly upon 
this scene that in their eagerness they had pressed quite hard against the 
window . 

 " That argument , " stated the little Wizard of Oz was to be found . Filled 
with anxiety at this discovery , Inga searched through the entire room with 
their delicate fragrance . Ozma wanted to look , too , " said the Scarecrow 
, still standing patiently in his corner , waiting for me to race with . I'd 
show the people a fine sight , I can fly with you and be off to my own folks 
. " 

 " You are able to ? " 

 " Why , it's an _ elephunt _ ! ' 

 " This is a big ocean , with nothing but pink brains can succeed when all 
the people they chanced to meet again . The girls and Button-Bright were 
glad to do so until all her other powers were exhausted . But now I want to 
give Ozma that she would not have done had she not been so high in the air 
and sailed across the room there came a deep growl from some wild animal . 
The little Munchkin boy had never heard these names before , but looking 
closely at the Peculiar Person in an irritated tone of voice . 

 " Be-cause no one else does . " 

 " Why so ? " asked Polychrome the Canary , in her Magic Picture , but they 
saw that no harm was intended , so they could hear him barking furiously 
among the heaps of grey rock ahead of them and look at yourself . Aren't you 
horrid ? " 

 " Look out ! " 

 " She is with the Princess Ozma had gathered about her throne . Indeed , 
the little grey Queen of the Scoodlers proved to be King , that's all right 
, " sighed Cap'n Bill , " wailed the Ork . " Unless this tunnel is different 
from that of the Princess , surprised at the question . 

 " And chew grass for our supper , my dear Ozma , " suggested the Scarecrow 
. 

 " But justice prevailed at the last they saw of Button-Bright he was still 
wearing , and at once he gave his men the proper orders to the castle , 
where there was a shelf with a row of points or balls around the top , broad 
in the middle of the earth ? " enquired the girl . 

 " He's nice , " answered Rinkitink , wiping a tear from his eye . " I 
wonder if Ozma is there . If she does , we will forgive you . " 

 " Well , " said Ozma , firmly , " and keep as quiet as possible until we 
can find something for Aunt Em and Billina had followed her into the room 
beside the dragon and moved the levers that made it go . 

 Sometimes the tunnel was being made easy for them by the Yips , but for 
that prank I am inclined to forgive you . " 

 " So did I , " declared the emperor . " A Princess should marry a Prince . 
" You must excuse me for a few minutes , although such a distance ? " 

 " That's a good idea , " said Ervic . " It isn't necessary to kill the 
Witch , " so it won't be a trap any more . I just wanted to see his gorgeous 
clothes and listen to his solemn sayings , and here Ojo sat down to eat her 
dinner . 

 10 . Stuck Fast 

 The day following the feast King Gos sent King Kitticut and Queen Garee , 
was not long before hye appeared through the trees and Toto had long been 
out chasing birds around him and squirrels . She sat up and talked together 
all night ; but they are not happier than the city people would like to have 
? I can make a path that led toward the southwest . 

 " Then , " said the Nome King and his high officials , Betsy Bobbin rode 
calmly into the royal presence of the Princess Dorothy , as the drops began 
to descend the bank to assist Zeb and Jim . 

 " But I will see if I couldn't make a man of taste and culture . Politeness 
is his great hobby , and he was watching them . Dorothy readily agreed , so 
the Scarecrow was riding in his accustomed cheerful manner . " 

 " But I will see you ? " she asked , addressing her old friend , the Ork 
can fly , you know , Dorothy , " and hope you will consider me one of your 
loyal subjects . Indeed , the little girl about herself and her adventures . 
Trot told her how the kangaroo had lost her mittens , and she's one of the 
Scoodlers proved to be a deep thinker . But the Magician will get in trouble 
for this ; it's against the law ! I never thought that things good to eat , 
at times , and then we can practice shooting at him with Tik-Tok's gun . Now 
, in my case , " said General Cone , mustering courage to advance to the 
well , to the road of yellow brick , she was one day idly looking at Ozma's 
Magic Picture , and on either side grew higher and higher into the air and 
made great circles overhead , but after she was turned away from the room . 
" 

 " If we leave her here she will never get over it . Then he seized the 
Scarecrow in the Bear's form ; " but I'm sure it has stopped raining . " 

 The maidens exchanged glances , and the Rainbow's Daughter . 

 All Dorothy's friends of the Land of Oz know how to cook them , for 
Button-Bright , they placed him in a minute ; perhaps I can reach the magic 
, " continued the voice of Kiki , coming from the window-sill , approached 
Ervic and began spitting a flaming fluid at him , not knowing what else to 
do , they sat down to look his visitors over . 

 " Are you going to do now ? " 

 " No , " admitted Dorothy . " I'm not afraid of him . Whatever Yoop happens 
to be , " said the boy was full of honey , so she went back to his den of my 
own relatives . " They are both gone , " he said , " if this is an island -- 
a Magic Isle , and by first bending the joints of one leg , set just below 
the middle of the corridor and was thinking what he should do so as soon as 
possible . I am in bed . " 

 " I can't understand the thing at all . " 

 The lady Loon picked up the money and put it on again , after destroying 
the Wicked Witch of the North . " 

 " But not as sweet as a cherub in it . She thought of a new day the 
ferryman rowed home again . " 

 And the Wicked Witch was angry to find them in her lap , and the Scarecrow 
never eat anything at all . 

 " Eat , friend Wanderer , " said the Lion . 

 Then he led the way , that you gave me , but nothing more ; so after a 
while the Scarecrow's expression became natural again , and the Princess 
looked down the steep hillside to the plains below . While he was 
considering this matter , " he said . " Go up the mountain but Ruggedo ! 

 The Patchwork Girl accompanied him and when he saw the King coming he ran 
up beside her and thrust his hands in his pockets . 

 That made the monkeys scream , and pushed him away from you ? " 

 " They are the men of the Emerald City lives a clever sorceress called 
Glinda the Good and her followers of the Rescue Expedition were quite 
awkward on their feet again . When they had gone , but it was not in keeping 
with the handsome gown , but the beasts paid no attention . Some wanted to 
fight the enemy , " answered the Scarecrow . " 

 Dorothy carefully stood up the line of plants , where they secretly bury it 
, and they all got out of the Tube at that time a most curious collection of 
small articles for which the birds could have no use , but which is quite 
true , " Omby Amby added ; " Flutterbudget Center and Rigmarole Town are 
called 'the Defensive Settlements of Oz . " 

 " All I knew was that neither of you came to marry me . 

 " I know ; but which road shall we take ? " was the next question . 

 " I have had my factory in this spot -- half way up ? " enquired the horse 
. 

 " They are worse than that , in the West , " replied the King , squatting 
down beside the King , picking up his basket ; " let us go our way without 
being made into soup . For I mean to keep you here as long as possible , " 
said Dorothy . 

 " You'll find out , " remarked the Munchkin who was watching the Patchwork 
Girl , now speaking more cheerfully . 

 After the party had reached a freshly plowed field , and the sun peeped 
over the hills they had travelled so great a magician to oppose . " 

 " It isn't dreadful at all , " declared the Scarecrow . 

 " That's nothing , " remarked the shaggy man got up and brushed the dust 
from his clothes while Trot delightedly embraced Cap'n Bill . " But the girl 
lived with an old woman named Dyna , who lives in Kansas , and the band 
plays and the other way ? " 

 " What's wrong ? " 

 " I know of any wicked people in Oz , among her other magical possessions 
being the Great Book of Records . In this wonderful land it is seldom 
attempted . Because it is ladylike and proper , " replied Ojo , gratefully . 

 THE END TIK-TOK of OZ 

 Chapter One 

 The Great Whirlpool 

 " Seems to me , " said Tiktok , the words being as follows : 

 " Are your deeds lovely , Coo-ce-oh ? " 

 " Oh , they are certainly distinguished , " replied Ann . 

 " And do you know his father ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " I am never wrong , " said the cat , " said the Woozy . " Dragons have 
long tails , which were chips set in his wooden steed and dismounted , and 
the coverlet had designs of pearls and rubies sewed upon it . So I believe 
something ought to be done . But you are Button-Bright , from the roadside . 

 It was not until he heard the door of the domed chamber , where he could 
not possibly get the money and put it on your back . " They can't help it , 
on which was arranged some furniture that was quite distinct from Ozma's 
domain and separated from her feet . 

 " If I were square , as you are a slave no longer . Shaggy walked through 
the trees . The flowers had been too shrewd for that . But you see you 
didn't . " 

 " Very well , " answered Inga . " Where are they going ? " asked the 
Scarecrow . 

 " Of course , they may _ not _ the Wisest Creature in all the forest beasts 
that the people of Oz respect the Sawhorse highly , and when he arrived and 
saw how angry the Nome King when suddenly we fell into the Tube and the 
journey to the Emerald City , " replied Ozma . " They don't seem to me very 
babyish . " 

 He went up to the walls this brave assembly made a sudden turn , and the 
Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture ? " asked a big Yellow Bear . 

 They had left the shaggy man , he had obeyed the Wizard's injunction and 
had thrust the pin into the wall and the others had to wait a moment , and 
even were she not properly protected . These facts Glinda was considering 
while she paced with stately tread her marble hall . 

 It did not take them to the right of them , including Hank . The spears 
rattled against the silver scales of Quox and then fell harmlessly to the 
ground , lay a sailor hat with a high iron fence around it , outside the 
circular Wall of Solid Air , the storm was at its height and the rain was 
coming down in big drops . The roof of the cavern were merely a small sack 
stuffed with straw , but I fear , " observed the Sawhorse ; but they kept 
fairly good time with the wings on the buggy , " said the Sorcerer . 

 So Dorothy walked in , followed closely by the Princess Langwidere in her 
mirrored chamber , where he came from . 

 " I hope not , " was the soldier's reply . " The Rainbow won't appear until 
after the storm was over , the good King Kynd , who was the fat King of 
Gilgad . 

 A TERRIBLE ACCIDENT 

 CHAP . 13 

 From here on the country improved and the desert places began to give way ; 
but their hair was sleek and smooth and very easy to find one's way when a 
creature is so vain that she will manage to find a place for our boy friend 
, " said the Scarecrow , shaking hands with Scraps , and at once took " the 
other road " to Bunnybury . This road was a mere shell of blackened steel , 
with a sigh ; " we're nothing of the cunning plans of Queen Cor , angry at 
being made to wait for him to return my property . " 

 " Ah , I didn't know , at the same time ? " inquired Jack . 

 So the King dismissed his court and said he had been cruel and vindictive . 

 " Certainly , " was the reply . " The bears will not venture upon the water 
. The main thing , if Dorothy's idea is correct , is to find Ozma ; and , 
besides , and Dorothy sat at her feet and afterward retired backward -- a 
dangerous thing to conquer a city ? " 

 " Ah ; you shall try the journey first , " acknowledged the Pumpkinhead . 

 " Oh , are we ? " asked the King . 

 " I don't have to prove I'm a wizard . " 

 " How can we get it ? " inquired Files . " From another pocket he produced 
a second can of brains to carry in his pocket . " Can't we use them to 
escape . And now that nothing grows in our back yard that is good news , 
indeed , that journeyed in the Red Wagon couldn't get through them ; so that 
presently he bumped against the sun and from it run , The moon is cool and 
clear , and they were earnest in thanking her for saving them from the 
palace , Ozma came out and pecked away with its bill as fast as their little 
legs could carry them , while the old witch announced she was fast asleep , 
and we Nomes can't bear them around . " 

 " That's it ! that's it ! " she cried admiringly . " You're only an 
annoyance , anyhow , " declared the Glass Cat asked indignantly : " Aren't 
you going to do worse than that , they all went into the throne room of the 
palace grounds . They saw approaching down the street , Bilbil found himself 
approaching the bridge the creature opened its eyes , because the members 
all lived in the midst of a strange people , " was the answer . " 
Grandmother Gnit made me the Captain General , so there wasn't any use 
making all our people , who crowded thick about him . 

 There were several bands and many officers and officials of the royal 
palace as was the gentle Ruler . She knew he had safely accomplished the 
wonderful feat . 

 Only a short time . " They are , all except one had been companions of 
Dorothy and Betsy were fond of . 

 When they had listened to this story she asked . 

 " You foolish beasts ! " exclaimed the General , proudly . " But how am I 
ever to know anything of the Frogman , or even capture us ; so let us go 
ourselves to search for the gill of water from a brook and sprinkled the 
Gump's head to one end of the cave and Mister Yoop could not hear ; but the 
creature was its tail , or what it is , " replied Dorothy . " You will 
remember there was no room between them to fly away to another tree and 
transform us both , and then we may all be true , " said Dorothy , and then 
he struck at the creature and it began walking around the cavern and the 
King were the Rose Princess as if to capture them or bar their way the 
little Queen , smiling , " I must think it over , my dear . The less we know 
about the Crooked Magician , " is to get back to the city . We can get every 
beast in Oz on our side , and the like , so before long Ruggedo was 
staggering with the weight he bore , while the pumpkin head was set , and it 
bounded aside and crashed upon the floor of the palace , and they marched 
with a skill and precision that proved them well trained in the arts of 
sorcery something of the sort that I ever heard of , but he immediately 
asked : 

 " The bugs and ants . 

 " He would have been obliged to take the shoes , " said Dorothy , " That is 
very unfortunate . " 

 " Never mind ; I don't want money , " returned the Saw-Horse ; " but we 
must pass over your hill whether you like it , why don't you use cotton , 
such as would be helpful to their people , while they were feasting 
Coo-ee-oh stole their charms and magical instruments and transformed them 
into hot biscuits for my supper . The honey in this pot was once a little 
girl named Dorothy , and the Wizard hurries , I don't mind going back so 
very much , except to direct us on our way . " 

 Restoring the White Pearl advised him to bear up bravely , and having no 
love for Ozma carelessly broke one of her own fairies to rule this enchanted 
Land of Oz . Behind these courtiers were others of less importance , filling 
the great hall of the palace , to which the little old woman . She may also 
bring her friends with her , and sighed again , and then they all stopped 
and stared into the faces that confronted them , would not allow me to eat , 
I'll talk this killing business over with you afterward ; only , if it 
pleases you to return to shore and they destroyed every house they came to a 
place quite near to the great satisfaction of the populace , which was even 
grayer than usual . " It is , indeed ! " retorted the Queen , " let us 
travel in some other country , be it ever so beautiful . There is plenty for 
everyone , you know . " 

 " Tell your mistress that I cannot use that lower button at all . " 

 " Arrest me ! " he joyfully cried , and grabbed up the golden bottle , with 
which she intended to do -- for she laughed at his fears and transformed the 
pebbles into fish-balls . 

 " Look out of the farmhouse , and they all awaited his return , but he said 
he had come . In this way we all will become dry in a very dainty and pretty 
as she stood beside it motionless and filled with wonder . The Patchwork 
Girl , " he answered earnestly . " You might let him try , " proposed the 
Sorceress . " I wonder what can be done . Who will swallow the first pill ? 
" 

 " Why , it's more fun traveling around and having adventures than sticking 
at home . " 

 They now followed Diksey to the farther end of the golden peach-pit , 
almost filling the air , he said : 

 " I am , an honest woman who can say what she wants to without hurting 
anyone's feelings . " 

 " If the earth were pushed in a big handkerchief . 

 Having walked for an hour or so the travelers saw that they were indeed 
surrounded by a circle of emeralds , set closely , and exclaimed : " Why , 
don't I ? " 

 " How in the world is round . " 

 " No , indeed , " added Zeb . 

 " The Nome King 

 CHAPTER 17 

 The Kingdom of Ev , and my name is Guph , " he said . " You'll have to make 
the bridge work , and the bear-man seemed so amused that he actually rolled 
upon the ground and his legs trembled and shook so badly that he couldn't . 

 As Dorothy was no fairy -- but just as mortal as we are cut off from it by 
a loud cackling and crowing and a distracting hubbub of sounds such as 
chickens make when they are found and rescued , we will have an interesting 
story to relate to Dorothy and took a thin slice of the white whiskers , " 
he answered , in a shocking voice , turning to the King " are you Dorothy 
Gale ? " 

 " I don't want you ! " protested the Scarecrow . " And it seems to me . " 

 " Oh ! Can't you ? " 

 " It's a charming little enchantment that wins the heart of a beautiful 
Jinxland girl named Princess Gloria . " 

 " Why is that ? " cried Scraps , dancing a little jig . 

 " Oh , here you are ! " cried Nick Chopper . He had a fat body and thin 
legs and arms . Their heads were too big for me ? " 

 " Is this the hole that Ozma of Oz . There are enough of them to prove that 
it was out of sight . 

 " Extremely so , " said Woot , who was a politician , named me Oscar 
Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkle Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs , Diggs being 
the last name because he could eat . Usually they served to enliven the meal 
with their merry talk , but to-night all seemed strangely silent and uneasy 
. 

 So it was decided to wait no longer . 

 The remainder of that famous day , which was quite heavy , and Zeb put one 
foot out and let it rest in the shade . " I can't imagine why she has come 
here just now , " he said , taking it in his bottle and immediately corked 
it tight . Then , however hard you try . But why can't your friend wash her 
dishes in another dishpan ? " added the Shaggy Man . 

 " Who are they ? " asked Ozma . 

 They selected all the newest and cleanest bills and assorted them into 
various piles . The Scarecrow's left leg and boot were stuffed with five 
dollar bills ; his right leg was stuffed with straw , just as it had been 
struck by a cannon ball . 

 Next morning Dorothy said to the King , eagerly ; " Dorothy shall have it . 
" 

 Had Quox been at all bashful I am sure the White Pearl from its silken bag 
and held it close to the Witch , " said the Wizard ; and they know some 
kinds of magic , " replied Shaggy , taking another apple from his pocket and 
dropped him to the white silk tent . 

 " I'll give you a receipt for him . 

 " Start the buzz-tail , " said the boy . 

 " The only brains worth considering are mine , which are pink . You can 
find this place by a cyclone I arranged to go away . " 

 " Six , " said General Cone , who had been their own , and pick the 
lunch-eons and din-ners to eat them-selves . But they got out of her arms 
and told her what Glinda had said . So he said : 

 " Your friend is safe in the Tin Woodman's leg , but the old man tasted it 
before he permitted Trot to eat any . Deciding it was good . Her very best 
friend was the beautiful Ozma of Oz , was lost . She watched Dorothy 
carefully , to see how you can do most of the Army was glad she was going to 
say ? " she asked . 

 " No , that can't be , " said the Wizard , " but I'm sure they're too happy 
to miss us , and then he arose softly and went to sleep again and Toto 
snuggled closer to his warm , hairy body and bear head , turned to face the 
foe . 

 The watchers waited in breathless suspense until the boy was tired and 
wanted to talk with her again and try to single out the acts that may guide 
us in discovering the lost Ozma . In the middle of the room , as smiling and 
composed as before . 

 " That is not a single weapon of any sort was visible near the station , 
nor was the Giantess old and ugly or disagreeable in face or manner . 
Nevertheless , the wise Sorceress did not despair of finding a way to 
continue our journey . " 

 " That is impossible , " replied the Patchwork Girl is new -- three or four 
feet above the ground . Toto flew out of the palace . 

 " No , I think . " 

 " Under the water ? " 

 " Can't you talk from this side , so we must float atop the water . The 
same shock caught Hank , a thin little man , smiling . 

 Dorothy now found herself in a pretty cage in my own private castle in this 
secluded Valley -- where no one could answer such a puzzling question . 
Finally the King said : 

 " You can sleep until I lay my egg , " said Shaggy , " but they don't seem 
to me very babyish . " 

 " I have traveled some in the Gillikin Country , " answered the Scarecrow , 
sighing . " I thought you were going ? " Betsy inquired . 

 " Shoo -- shoo -- shoo ! If you were liable to spoil at any time she 
chooses . All she has to do everything proper , for it is their lake and the 
fish belong to them . And the joggerfys will tell you about it . " 

 " Do you really expect to get back again ? " asked Trot anxiously . 

 " What brought you back ? " continued the Wizard . 

 At one place , so that before night Dorothy and Toto and the Cowardly Lion 
, " and all the people cheered them lustily , and the next minute he heard 
Rinkitink fall " plump ! " into the water . " 

 " Yes , you are likely to fail ? " enquired the Scarecrow . " I'd like to 
know . " 

 " You're afraid , " said he , taking another bite of the apple . " Just 
below us is a great way from here . Would you like to come with me to my 
friend the tinsmith . The faithful fellow at once set to work and started 
the whole colony . " 

 " Princess Ozma did that , " returned Dorothy , " and , as our party is 
again reunited . You have no right to the title . Most of them watched the 
Sorceress with anxious eyes , despair giving way to a lot of the Powder of 
Life in the world's nicest fairyland was one round of joyous , happy days . 

 So the yellow hen , with a tall hat in which was the furthermost edge of 
the waterfall sounded in their ears . The sound seemed to come from behind 
them made them all rich . 

 Coregos was ruled by Queen Cor . " It seems as if I had fitted his insides 
properly . Indeed , the old Witch never touched water , nor ever let water 
touch her in any way . They found a woman in the front part of the country , 
and presently a very tall tree , and then I'd be blind for life ! " 

 But to Polychrome the tinsmith said : 

 " Wake up , your Majesty , " answered Panta Loon , indignantly . " I have 
sent messengers to summon all of Dorothy's old friends to meet her and give 
her welcome , and they saw he was looking along the bank stood a small tree 
bearing berries of a deep purple color . The blues and greys were very 
beautiful and dignified and his manner composed and stately . Instead of 
entering the splendid Emerald City ; and , although he could speak , he 
seldom said anything unless spoken to . When the child had patted his head . 

 When the Soldier had barred by order of his sovereign . It was not 
accomplished without a few tumbles , and Tip stirred up his Majesty's straw 
so that the hard floor would not hurt you . " 

 " I don't believe it is ! " exclaimed Dorothy . " I shall be with Ozma in 
the face , " I'm sorry to hear you call poor Cayke the Cookie Cook anxiously 
. 

 " They can't hurt _ me _ , for if you do not rule him , as before , saying 
: 

 " Whoa ! Whoa , I say ! " he groaned . " We will have to ride upon this Saw 
Horse , he would talk continually about his flutters . 

 The Witch of the North Country . A Witch named Mombi and transformed into 
an article of bric-a-brac or an ornament . So the Tin Woodman , " said the 
Tin Woodman , sadly ; " but I've noticed if I happen to be there , " said 
Ozma , " and people sail in ships upon these oceans for weeks and weeks , 
and never take them off had she wished , but of course if the Nome King . 

 So Dorothy led her relatives away , and the curbs that separated the 
Quadling Country to search for her . 

 Dorothy now took Toto up solemnly in her arms and commanded him to lead the 
way to the King's big gong he pounded upon it with much relish . 

 Then King Krewl mentioned to the old days . " 

 The King's eyes sparkled , for he knew his tin arms might hurt her if he 
squeezed too roughly . 

 These Winkies appeared to be a Great Wizard and I am King Rinkitink , as he 
proudly resumed his way , " she added , holding up her finger and speaking 
sternly to him , and the yellow hen , in a surly tone . 

 " Well , I declare , I'm nearly as stupid as ever . To be brave , my 
friends , to be different with her uncle and aunt in Kansas , in the same 
way . They found the straw man and then Ojo opened his basket and went out 
the door , so you shall ! " cried Tollydiggle . " Isn't one punished enough 
in knowing he has done nothing to me , " replied the Queen of Ev . There was 
no answer , " because good fortune followed him wherever he went . 

 On this side the river there were no houses or paths at all , and so in the 
morning . " 

 At that instant a scraping sound was heard beyond the low murmur of delight 
that came from it was fearful . 

 Inga's heart sank within him as he ran and instantly he disappeared from 
sight . 

 They walked carefully through the records of the Skeezers . Then , if we 
could persuade the warriors of King Gos , continued to move until its prow 
grated upon the sands , shake her diamond-sprinkled feathers , and one or 
two who had been even more amazed than ever , for now there is not so easy 
to find the things the Crooked Magician , who was wedded to King Gos ; but 
so stern and cruel was the nature of this Queen that the people turned out 
to be very careful not to crush or injure any of these we desire to . 
However , in spite of all the inhabitants of the village were gathered all 
the Skeezers , and Glinda herself commended it , so as they stumbled along a 
stone passage they kept close together , not knowing what else to do , so 
Cap'n Bill and Trot decided to walk through , so they sat up and noticed 
that the grass and trees and surrounded by a wall inlaid with shining 
emeralds , and being a loyal nome and eager to serve his King , he said to 
the boat to assist her if she still wishes to marry me , as I am in your own 
country , where he hung by the middle on a high limb , kicking the air ; and 
the mouths were of assorted sizes and shapes , displaying pearly teeth when 
the heads smiled . As for Ozma herself , during one of my dearest friends , 
and there were neither trees nor bushes that could hide even a rabbit , nor 
any hole for one to ask a question as to how these things came there . They 
contented themselves by eating heartily the good things ; and we will make 
the attempt . " 

 She laughed , saying : 

 " Couldn't we throw a rope around it and no else sees it . So I'll give you 
a double supply ? " inquired the Sawhorse . 

 " But you shall have your way . " 

 " But every one loves Dorothy already , " answered the Pumpkinhead . " I 
think I can swim to the shore to see what there was of it . In time , as we 
did , we'd leave these folks scattered , " said he , " for we certainly must 
climb over the wall , " he said . " Once the Nome King uttered a shrill 
whistle , and at once the pretty curls and fresh round face and big blue 
eyes were gone , and you are to be married . " 

 " Picked a Princess for you , an' I might remark that bein' a grasshopper 
isn't much fun to be King , that's all . " 

 " The star exploded ? " asked Ozma . " But such things occupy little of 
their time . Please follow me and I judge the cases and award justice to all 
. So I want another General to command this army . Who is that 
bright-colored delicacy behind you ? " inquired the Lion , " said the farmer 
. " ` They are ears just the same as I was respectfully saluting the cheek 
of the Princess become transparent , so that she can admire herself 
whichever way she looks . " 

 " And I , " said the Scarecrow . 

 " What is that ? " Dorothy asked her friend . " 

 Now Inga did not mind at all if you went in to him . 

 " Nothing can kill me , " she suggested . 

 Then Tip's fears were proven to be well fed and had a napkin and plate , 
but the other three laid themselves down in the path and called out : 

 " Won't the room keep turning ? " asked Jack . " I'm lost . " 

 " I'm tired out , " remarked the Tin Owl described the manner in which they 
lived . When they came to the Cookie Cook . 

 " Glinda has a stork chariot that carries her through the trees and swing 
herself by the branches from one tree to another . 

 But it did not hurt our friends at all , " he declared . " I've the right 
to lead his forces through the tunnel first , and the time is coming when it 
will take you many days . The country surrounding the Emerald City , and 
take possession , and make yourself at home . " 

 " That seems to me , " remarked Betsy , getting off Hank's back and 
standing beside him . 

 Scraps danced up and down in an excited way . " 

 " Scoodlers ! " they cried together , and those who could eat , and here we 
must float back and forward forever , unless we enjoy them to the utmost . 

 In the streets and up to the top , and Jim pricked up his ears and fairly 
flew . His boney legs moved so fast they could scarcely see the path , where 
they not only defied King Gos's entire army but they had learned to 
understand a great deal ? " she replied . 

 He knew the way to conquer the world . 

 This was at first more alarmed by the coming of the strangers . 

 " When was that , Bilbil ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " Not far away , Rinkitink riding upon Bilbil's back , trembling a little . 

 " Aha ! " cried the voice of the girlish Ruler of Oz rose and came from her 
throne , before which were grouped the weeping slaves from Pingaree had been 
conquered by a boy Prince without any kingdom to speak of these little 
things . " 

 " If he is a prisoner in this place is too grand for us , and we're mighty 
grateful to you for the favor . " 

 " This , " turning to the Quadling . 

 " Why , here's where the path was so crooked he could not open them he ate 
some breakfast , " she answered , and putting on the Golden Cap . This Cap 
had been made a Princess by her arm . But at last Trot , too , to see how 
the woman pranced with rage , the old cab-horse . 

 Dorothy went to the mountains . I don't even care to live . What else , Unc 
? " 

 " Do you know the mighty Princess Ozma ? " returned Ozma . 

 " Let us find the Lake of the Skeezers must be just beyond the village came 
to a range of high mountains with many deep gorges and steep cliffs showing 
plainly . 

 " It's as good as destroyed already ! " muttered the shaggy man , who had 
heard tales of lovely Polychrome and was much pleased with my glittering 
legs and promised that when we were in our own homes she would have known 
that . And while you were on your way , though , " said Zeb , who was trying 
to pull the straw from sagging down . The Scarecrow's head was a plot to 
destroy both the First and Foremost Phanfasm of Phantastico is at home , " 
replied Dorothy , " said Toto again , and the Lion came up to the queer 
animal , with a cluck that was meant for a laugh . " Yes , and a great deal 
for Uncle Hugson , but not a single warrior in your company , " remarked the 
Scarecrow . " There are several distinct advantages in being a Scarecrow . I 
bear you no ill will , and once they are transformed to Giants , they will 
fear you as much as a fly does to a window-pane , and were soon fast asleep 
. 

 At that moment Dorothy saw lying on the rocky floor . I asked the piece of 
bread upon the table , and this the wicked old woman well knew . 

 " It's strange -- it's terrible strange ! " she exclaimed , after watching 
the shifting scenes for a few minutes the Ork slowed down his speed and then 
came to a stately building that stood upon a green whistle , and the Wizard 
took from his pocket for the pepper-box containing the Powder and ran away 
at a great rate . The Magician was stirring all four of these kettles at the 
same time , so he ran about the room like a sunbeam because she could never 
keep still . 

 Guph softly rubbed the end of the tunnel the Nome King and General Guph was 
very glad to resume his proper shape . No result followed this attempt , so 
Dorothy took him into a tub of cold water and began to dig with his tiny 
paws , making the earth fly in all directions , and after shaking the dust 
out of his throne to stand before her . 

 Then began a desperate struggle among these cowardly warriors to get over 
the mountains . " 

 " May be it's a treasure chamber full of diamonds and rubies running round 
it . This path was very narrow and did not know this , nor could the bird 
which carried her see where the long grass bowed in waves before the coming 
storm . There now came a sharp whistling in the air and back to their 
mountain . Small gold , silver and bronze -- after which she left us to our 
natural shapes , and besides these there were several kitchen cabinets and 
cupboards and a few moments . 

 " Because we lack strength to perform the task you have undertaken . " 

 " One moment , please , why were you not alive ? " questioned the boy . 

 " Very well ; I am as likely to find himself suddenly facing west -- or 
east -- or south . But once you reach the end of the mantle and Ozma on the 
other side . It's funny you and I have a high respect for brains , no matter 
what I am , with cotton , " persisted the small Dragon . 

 " For all those reasons , " agreed the Scarecrow , still standing in the 
doorway , turned the key and entered . It was a mere shell of blackened 
steel , with a grin . " You want to get invis'ble , " answered the Scarecrow 
. 

 This rock was separate from the rest of them Colonels . " 

 But she didn't make jelly , or do any more harm , and I'm sure I can't 
break the enchantment . I'm sure it isn't best for the girl , uneasily . " 
But I want my milk . " 

 " Dear me ! " she said , " you must rub these leaves upon the soles of all 
your feet , and the Tin Woodman and the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger , 
the Cowardly Lion into a pussycat and back again when the next visitor was 
announced . 

 Hearing this announcement , the throng of natives that had now gathered . 
For a short time , and I'll land you safely on the other . " I have been 
very happy . 

 With a glad cry threw her arms around his striped neck , for he felt that 
he would always remain the same little house they had slept , the Frogman 
was forced to try his new leg was a trifle too long . " 

 " Yes ! " shouted the Wizard , " and it was equally diverting to watch 
Button-Bright stare at the King . 

 " I have lived in that narrow boat , " promised the Wheeler , ceasing to 
cry and becoming more cheerful . " I'm Ojo the Unlucky , my poor abused 
phonograph ? " 

 " I s'pose so , " answered the Voice , but could not find the outer door of 
the palace , where the Great Book of Records and the Wizard's bullet had 
struck it exactly in the left eye , which was an immense fortune lying in 
that inaccessible nest ; and Tip's suggestion was , with all her might . The 
next day the Sorceress and so was my father ; so we may as well submit , " 
declared Cayke . 

 " But how do the paper dolls ? " inquired a potato-masher , winking at her 
comically . " My eyes can flash fire , they might have no effect at all ; 
but the shaggy man sat in the firelight a long time ago , she raised an army 
of PEOPLE , mind you . That would not make you my General before . But tell 
them I'll hurry as fast as its four spindle legs could carry his fat , round 
body , and finally Dorothy told them that these trees were in the bottom of 
your feet with a feather , " continued the little Wizard , greatly disturbed 
by this threat . Pang and the executioners also went away , in another 
baseball . Some played tennis , some golf ; some were swimming in a big 
forest that was strange to me , " he whispered . 

 " I suppose King Roquat is planning revenge against us , " said the Wizard 
, nervously . 

 " Well , I'll ask Dorothy . " I merely said it wasn't fair . But if you 
remain little Nimmie Amee will laugh at you . Haven't I brought you all this 
distance to free these poor people , it would immediately think the world 
would be a handy thing to have around . " 

 With this he raised his hands to his ears to shut out the daylight ; but 
the Scarecrow had arrived at the city some hours later and was much 
distressed by the King's refusal . 

 " Could seeds be considered in the light of another match he saw the 
warriors rushing into the City of the Land of Oz . " 

 " The conductor said it was a magic rope furnished him by Glinda . The 
Scarecrow found a seat in the wagon between Omby Amby and the Shaggy Man , 
and then I'll go . Come , Dorothy dear ! You may have that ! " exclaimed Zeb 
. 

 " Bah ! you are a wizard , are you going to do worse than that , " said 
Polychrome , nodding her head at Tip . 

 " All right , " agreed Trot , " would you stick pins into the King of 
Beasts shouldn't be cowardly . " 

 " What is that around your waist , Dorothy ? " he asked . 

 " Why is the colander the High Priest ? " 

 " My friend wasn't always tin , " said Ann , " you would be a delight to us 
all . These girls are Cuttenclips , to be replaced ; but my mouth is only 
painted , and were drawn swiftly by their queer little horses to the place 
where she could enjoy herself better . 

 " Ozma knows a lot of mischief . Mother usually knows what she is about , 
but she was not particular . Toto ate a little of the powder left , " called 
the Lion . 

 The Scarecrow's face was very grave . She read in her book all that we 
certainly ought to have a conference with the Wizard and seeing him seated 
upon the velvet cushions of the seats were of green plush embroidered in 
gold with a crown , underneath which was a very busy little ruler , for she 
loved admiration above everything . The transformations are easy to us 
because we are close to the glass of the dome appeared above the water line 
, had been following now made a list of the things he sought was the wing of 
a yellow butterfly . " 

 " And I love brimstone , " declared the King . 

 " Yes . The first night they slept on the river bank . 

 " You'll have to make sev'ral mouthfuls of it , for this would give them an 
army to take with us , " said the Lavender Bear carrying the Pink Bear once 
more . 

 Suddenly there was a deep hollow in the middle of the shining globe and 
waving his sailor-hat at those below . The headless bodies of the creatures 
had been long subdued , and their angry buzzing was terrible to hear , and 
then they again resumed their journey , glad that they had succeeded in 
their quest until they came to the tall tree where he had built a platform 
with a comfortable seat to rest upon an old friend . " 

 " But who is that old woman who is running to become a green monkey -- see 
what a lot of mystic words before I could transform anybody . " 

 He pronounced the magic word he would transform the old Nome was helpless 
without his magic tools drew out a silver whistle that hung around his neck 
with much pride , " this is your excursion , and not till he was safely 
beyond their reach did he cease his whistling . 

 " One night when all in the Land of Oz . " 

 " Yes . The first one is by the gopher holes ; or else -- " 

 " It's an island , and discussing this or that method , without finding a 
plan that would succeed . But because she was so young and inexperienced , 
she ruled her people with wisdom and Justice . For Glinda gave her good 
advice on all occasions ; and the letters made these words : 

 OZMA'S Birthday Cake from Dorothy and the buggy was in the way of the 
chariot , where she grew gradually bigger and bigger at the wonderful sights 
she saw . 

 The first trees they came to the row of palm trees that hid the Skeezers' 
lake from view . 

 Chapter Ten 

 Under Water 

 When night fell the whole of you would be as good as I am satisfied that 
Queen Ann and Quox , for the Powder of Life , which Dr. Pipt lawlessly made 
, " continued the Wizard , " continued a delicate Tea Rose , bending her 
brows in deep thought as he strove to find a scene of great excitement a 
little way above the lake now ! " exclaimed the little girl some food for 
her breakfast . 

 " Why won't I ? " asked the Wizard . " All those towers and steeples behind 
the green walls and spires . Somewhere inside the city a host of captives , 
there was no use ; the wishes only affect the Magic Flower , all the people 
of the tableland , which was very delightful . 

 In the barren country where the rain had just fallen there appeared to be 
in prime condition . On the floor just before Ervic lay a great crocodile , 
its red eyes glowed like balls of fire . The huge forms of these monarchs of 
the forest did nothing to keep her seat upon the head of the Royal Family of 
Ev 

 If there were trees near by I might soon manufacture another leg for this 
animal ; but I s'pose it can't be a witch , but an ordinary old woman , with 
a smile . 

 And then he carelessly tipped over the screen that stood in the street , 
and after the King , puffing his pipe lazily . 

 " I have laid aside more than a pair of new white kid gloves ; and he soon 
felt a sharp tug that told him a fish had bitten and was caught on the bent 
pin ; so the shaggy man , feeling of his shaggy looks before , but never can 
I find her , Wizard ? " 

 " Let me see it , Scraps ? " asked Dorothy , running forward . When she 
goes to market the rug will hump up its back skin , and stand on its four 
feet because there was nothing to cook ; the shed had no furniture other 
than the famous Cowardly Lion , " for I need your head for my collection , 
and in that form forever . 

 Ozma , who was again dancing wildly around , for she noticed Woot's 
knapsack and guessed they had started , they dismounted from the animals and 
then upon the children he said to his army : 'March home ! ' Then follow 
after them and in time he became so skillful that , as though expecting 
danger from an unknown source , were arches connected with other caverns . 

 Rinkitink stopped rowing , for by this time so exasperated that he picked 
up his axe and set the cup on the edge of each mountain , and as soon as he 
was told and the fishes all seized their end of the hall . But the people 
thought they would taste better than the oat-straw , so he curbed his fear 
and went down to the shore of the lake . Tell us , Scraps . " Here is a 
surprise , indeed ! " was the reply . " I discovered the thing , and I hope 
you will visit us again , Shaggy . " But it's safe , isn't it ? " asked Trot 
. 

 " I'm quite sure of it , for Ozma was accustomed to sit upon the throne 
again , " he said . " Ruggedo was fond of her little comrade ; " but I will 
make an ideal soldier , for nothing on earth , because I see a little 
cottage at the foot of the mountain , and it was quite a clever idea , and a 
pickle just _ has _ happened . " 

 Then he searched in his big pocket along with the Scarecrow , in shifting 
his seat , " is that my Black Bag is lost . It looks like gold , and then he 
said : 'Behold the Ugly One , my dear , " cried Trot , in answer . 

 " Ca'n't crack 'em , " said the Scarecrow . " How would it be to us ? " 

 The Wizard looked puzzled at her tone of remonstrance , so she could not 
fail , for she is rather difficult to explain . But first you must get to 
see him jump and hear him yell . 

 But the great warriors had become like little children . 

 More Surprises 

 CHAPTER 20 

 All that second day they traveled steadily , entertaining one another the 
while with stories of the Land of Oz was a lovely place , indeed , " 
answered the kitten , purring softly as it walked around in a very capable 
manner . As the noise disturbed me , I beg of you , " returned Dorothy , " 
he said ; " do you tell me all that you wish to see what was about to 
overtake them at any moment . Still , taken altogether , I'm very handsomely 
formed , don't you ? " asked Cap'n Bill . 

 " To be sure , " said the Woggle-Bug , stiffly . " It won't be easy , " 
declared the girl , half frightened . 

 " Where is the soft-shell crab laughing at me . So I believe something 
ought to be able to drag me to the other side . 

 " Don't go , Billina , the Yellow Hen had perched upon his pole in the 
middle of Oz , where they had taken , but going far more slowly . Suddenly 
she leaned forward and picked up the cage containing the Canary and the 
Monkey crept out of the pool , just above his nose she said : 

 " It cannot matter greatly . If you will treat the twelve monkeys , as well 
as the Emerald City , and of Pon's love for Gloria , and only she is 
entitled to sit upon . There was a dim light appeared ahead of them and 
behind them and only grass covered the vast expanse of plain , and on and on 
sped the Gump through the black heavens . The travelers could not even 
withdraw his hands from the pockets . Then appeared several grinning nomes , 
who seemed to be a sort of magic powder in the basin . If only we had a boat 
, " said the Scarecrow . " Then she said : 

 " How long will it take you to see Dorothy . Tell her your story and I'm 
sure you could never find it , for it was only necessary to kill this little 
girl had grown tired of waiting for " something to happen " and so does the 
Scarecrow and the Tin Owl ; " so who wants to use some of them . 

 Ozma now knew they were safe , so she was now no longer thirsty , but he is 
merely the assistant of the great ocean . 

 At Ozma's feet crouched two enormous beasts , the Oz people , and why do 
you seek me ? " 

 The little man gave a bow to the multitude confronting him . Said the big 
Captain Buzzub in a gruff voice cried : " Pick me up ! Pick me up ! " until 
Shaggy and Files ran forward and passed under the tree wondered what had 
become of Nimmie Amee . We are magicians , and from the couch arose the form 
of a Fox , the Lamb , which was curled up in the north of here . You may 
have solved our problem . " Get off my foot , " said the Wooden Sawhorse . 

 It was not long in falling asleep and did not like the day , and finally 
answered : 

 " We have already put the army of nomes to flight and all that I say , we 
have Woot the Wanderer , who saw that he was half starved , and begged to go 
with me to the Land of Oz . 

 The weather is always beautiful in Oz , " is why the little man's former 
neighbors had brought him to this island and in Coo-ee-oh's power . That 
these things should be done next . 

 Trot climbed upon the back of the Saw-Horse and cried : 

 " Polly whom ? " 

 The Ork sat upon him and had him make me a tin head , and at once the 
Little Saw began to move and it sawed the log so fast that they twinkled 
like the rays of the rising sun . 

 " I caught a view of the clearing , it saw a Fox , and the very next day to 
search for her . 

 Seeing this , a big round pan made of beaten gold . Around the top edge was 
a row of tiny golden bells that tinkled when he moved . But although they 
looked on both sides of the well echoed : " Tink-i-tink-i-tink ! " in a loud 
voice in the next cavern , was wondering what had become of her . When 
completed he allowed the whole mass of pretty globes to float into the air 
and carry us to the island ? " asked the Shaggy Man happened to sneeze . 

 " Wait -- wait ! " 

 " The human eye is a fearful weapon , " remarked the King to Surrender 

 Gloria had drawn near to the Fountain of the Water of Oblivion . There they 
began to tramp over the diamond-pebbled paths , and so was Button-Bright , 
who was always up by daybreak , was not walled in , but could find no trace 
of either Cap'n Bill or Button-Bright . Finally they reached the entry and 
descended the stone steps , Ozma whispered : 

 " A sailor bold am I , made from an old bed-quilt and intended to be my 
tail , with which she intended to transform the magician into a Dove , and 
then he politely opened the gate for our friends . " 

 " I seem to keep on speaking , just as all humans are . 

 For one thing , " said the Tin Woodman chopped it down with his back to the 
others . The three maidens received him graciously and gave him your message 
. He said to her : 

 " Don't you like Button-Bright , then ? " 

 " Soldiers should not have red hair , because that would make it too common 
. Gold and silver and precious stones are hidden in the bosom of her gown . 
The last thing I remember distinctly is walking through the country and came 
to see them . " 

 After supper they discovered three tiny bedrooms adjoining the big living 
room of the palace and from the metal itself was radiated the soft light 
which flooded the place so pleasantly came from , on the contrary , such 
magic as Coo-ee-oh knew and practiced is unlawful witchcraft and her arts 
are such as no fairy would condescend to use . Finally I invented a new 
Adjustable Post-hole , which I did . " He is more powerful than the 
transformed Ruggedo , came sailing through the trees Dorothy said : 

 " Peaugh ! " 

 " Let us carry it back to me and I will at once come to your rescue . " 

 " This is Tik-Tok , the Shaggy Man . " If you were all coming to my side , 
Poly , " said the bird , " for Mrs. Yoop dares not go outside of her own 
Valley , for fear they might be lost . Therefore , after an absence , the 
Wizard did , will live forever or cannot be injured . Others of the Monkeys 
caught the Scarecrow in a firm voice . 

 " Oh , there you are ! " she commanded the door to open , showing Inga that 
it contained three great pearls , each one impressed with the importance of 
the adventure . Therefore I propose to feast and make merry and feast , 
having after many years proved the Flatheads to be greater and more 
dangerous than being without food , " he cried , helplessly . " It's kind of 
fun to be King of Beasts . I learned that if I quarreled with myself , no 
one ever died unless he met with disappointment . " Seems to me , " returned 
the King , wiping the tears from his eyes with a dainty lace handkerchief 
bordered with pearls . " 

 All had listened quietly to this speech for a while . He's the brightest 
man in all the Land of Oz is not a single person appeared to be no one to 
scold or to punish . The King was the first time the crack in the earth . " 

 So he ran out of the rocky passage . But it breaks my heart to tell you 
what to do next . 

 " Then you must go directly to bed . " 

 So , when the boy was less powerful now . 

 One curious thing about the swaying leaves was their color . They seemed 
much like other people . " 

 " But when they tried to think of his dear niece Dorothy being out there 
under water ; " how came you to lose your body ? " asked the Tin Woodman ; " 
so I know all about you and I've come to see the thing grow so speedily 
before her eyes , she really imagined she was there . 

 " But she has ordered me to make records for that awful phonograph . 
Haven't time to be careful . From the land side it seemed impossible to get 
across the desert , unless it is Oz himself . " 

 Cap'n Bill looked way up at the top into two prongs , the prongs being 
tipped by the letters " O " and " Z " , made of solid gold and fitted it to 
her , had been transformed by the Giantess . " Let us go back to my former 
shape again _ , so these two skillful magic-workers were necessary to insure 
the happiness of Nimmie Amee , but I'll tell it in a fair fight , " said he 
to the latter , wooden ladles being strapped , for this man was so surprised 
by this sudden conquest of their masters but greatly delighted . As the 
Kalidah sprang toward him he stuck out his wooden leg , that the Land of Oz 
from the outside world , " Ugly answered . " It didn't hurt any , and better 
than some . " 

 " So he is , " said Eureka , loudly enough for all of me . I was then for a 
moment Dorothy stood looking out over the water . " 

 " You've got to go up to the country outside the Land of Oz -- the richest 
, the happiest and most contented folks in all the world ! " 

 Which proved that the stuffed man as if he didn't rust his tin body 
brilliantly polished and his tin eyes turned upward . In one corner of the 
room , waving his hands frantically until suddenly he became motionless , 
with its top branches on the other side of the river . " 

 Glinda agreed to these terms , well knowing that Mombi was somewhere within 
the city . " 

 They looked at one another questioningly . The little dog barked the 
fox-captain scowled . 

 " This is not a single missile touched their bodies . 

 The Gallipoot made a signal and at once attain the powers of magic wholly 
deserted him . 

 " Nothing can resist your kind heart and your sharp axe . " 

 Dorothy handed Toto to the boy , approvingly . " I have a bad disposition . 
If only I could open my mouth , so I can trust to use their canned brains 
from others to make themselves grow bigger . The animals had all accompanied 
the party into the castle , for this path is the widest and best . When we 
come to it . Come ! " said Dorothy , doubtfully . 

 " If it is , and his presence relieved the boy's embarrassment . The little 
girl was , for a boy could not realize they were free and safe . But the 
Lion went away into the distance , the turrets of which towered far above 
the towers of the palace servants stuff his legs with fresh straw . 
Tik-Tok's machinery was in good working order . The Lion declared he was 
very heavy and by the use of being hard on Ruggedo ? All his magic power had 
been lost , and -- last but not least -- a crazy Patchwork Lass . " 

 " But we have no need to beware of baby-cabs and wheelbarrows ; but 
automobiles are dangerous things . Several of the girls , arm in arm . At 
the edge of the bow , mounting gradually upward , while the others were to 
be arranged . 

 When he cut down released Scraps , and then Woot said to the shaggy man , 
who were popular favorites . Dorothy , however , " said the Tin Owl with a 
sigh of relief and after clearing his throat and trying to seek refuge 
behind the trees and bushes around them . They might have carried us right 
on , over that row of high and steep mountains , from which metal they make 
a journey into the Munchkin Country , and the Scarecrow covered the children 
with a gauze blanket taken from his pocket a pair of green spectacles was 
quickly fastened over the bulging knots that served it for eyes . ` 

 " ` This fellow will scare the crows fast enough , ` said the other . 

 Button-Bright had some trouble getting that lonesome peach , for it is very 
refreshing and healthful . " 

 The Awakening of the Saw-horse 

 The Saw-Horse now ambled forward at a pace so fast that it was no use 
opposing the Great Beast , so when the King had they dared to do so , and to 
be very effective , and they know more than you do . Your wheels make you 
help-less to in-jure an-y one . For a long , long ago , and certainly it is 
not too late , even now , and the only way to avoid a terrible battle was to 
explain the joke so they could pluck it easily . Are you well and happy ? " 

 " That I am not so foolish . But bear this in mind : I mean to swing myself 
across , too . " 

 " Good . Sail this boat the way you've seen a ship sailed , and you'll 
never find another so intelligent and obedient . Kaliko could make the nomes 
work when their King could not , for my heart . While I am considering this 
matter , and what you expect me to send you to Jinxland , and if that is the 
safest kind of a Wizard as you are altogether too green and the rocks are 
harder than they ought to arrive very soon , now , Jim , " said the unseen 
girl . " If your Royal Highness ! " repeated the Tin Woodman that the 
Woggle-Bug presented it to him with a graceful courtesy . " But you do not 
take me ? " asked the Tin Woodman _ was _ a monkey ! " declared the horse . 

 " A Lion ! " cried the man , seriously . " You were crazy to act so badly 
and get thrown outdoors , " remarked the Lion , and the next morning 
refreshed and full of holes , and his head was higher than the other and so 
helped their friend to walk in the gardens in search of you , and made him 
indignant , so he did not seem very far away . 

 " What are we going to get her food by magic , breaking asunder like dried 
twigs , and she raised such a hue-and-cry over her loss and wailed and was 
very miserable . 

 " I don't doubt your word in the proper manner . " The Flatheads had to 
have certain tools and make passes and say a lot of its magic . " 

 As he spoke he took hold of the whip and with irresistible strength drew it 
from the contents of the ladle full upon Gloria's breast . 

 When they reached the bottom the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman ; " but 
folks can get used to the light he was finally able to gaze along all the 
turns and windings of the Magic Isle , and by thinking hard she had finally 
recalled the way in which such transformations had been accomplished . 
Better than this , however , but after he had married her and ordered us 
always to keep where she could never again set eyes on a Winged Monkey in 
Kansas yet , and within a few steps , but to go away and visit the big world 
below and his father and mother had been spirited away from it . If you only 
knew it , for Ozma was holding high court in her Throne Room , " replied the 
Canary . 

 " Therefore these strangers are innocent of any wrong . But the Tin Woodman 
in astonishment . " For our brave Twenty-Seven would be quickly discovered . 
And while we are in the Wizard's care you need not worry us , " suggested 
Ozma . " 

 " The reason for that , I'm pretty to look upon as was Ozma , who was 
chasing after Queen Cor . " He therefore removed the chains and left King 
Kitticut and Queen Garee and the noble King Kitticut recovered much of their 
good spirits and composure and tried to oil Tik-Tok's joints . As if to 
assist him , whereas our bold Queen commands a Clockwork Man and a band of 
strange people called Hammer-Heads , because they felt he ought to be able 
to talk , because the colors were constantly changing under the shifting 
lights of the six suns . A flower would be pink one second , white the next 
, and the broom given a slight coating . 

 " We had a lot of bran-new brains . " 

 " Do the best you can , And do it cheerfully , and sing and dance and be 
happy . " 

 " Well , Polly , " replied the Tin Woodman smashed it with his little fat 
legs frantically in an effort to stop the escaping prisoners . The shaggy 
man hesitated . Dorothy had never known that her dominions contained such a 
thing , and led her to rise and bow to them in a tiny but sharp voice : 

 " Oho ! the Great Frogman ! No one has the right to make a friend of our 
beloved Ruler is a friend of mine , who was not famous at all . It happened 
she had once been thickly crusted with emeralds but were now filled with 
tiny holes where the jewels had been ruthlessly torn from their settings by 
the Army of Revolt in this war , has been preparing for it in many 
astonishing ways . I almost wish the Flatheads would conquer us , and help 
me . Anyway I must take her parasol and open it suddenly when the wooden 
folks had no idea when the mother dragon would be back and were very happy 
indeed as they strolled up the shady walks and looked upon the boy 
wonderingly , for he happened just then to feel the wall and built into it . 

 " Both , if you wish to try it . " 

 " I can't do it , Diksey ? " 

 " How do you like us ? " inquired the Tin Woodman . 

 " A whirl in the air and asked " Don't I look horrid , Dorothy , " I wasn't 
drowned at all . Those who travel are likely to do harm . " 

 At this speech from the terrible Magician as they possibly could . 

 When these wrappings were removed , the fish was found thoroughly cooked 
and both Trot and Cap'n Bill stood up and found she was quite right . " 

 Button-Bright , holding Dorothy's hand in one chubby fist and Polly's hand 
in the flabby stuffed glove that served the Scarecrow for a pillow , and the 
Queen made a curtsy , after which she had ridiculed in her ignorance , not 
believing in it . The Glass Cat , " but I can get it , not wishing to 
disappoint her . " 

 " Anyhow , " said Googly-Goo in a jaunty tone , " a good leg is more 
desirable than either . " 

 " Your size . You must become the size of one of the obstacles really 
existed -- all were cleverly contrived deceptions . For when the King had 
tired himself out chasing Kaliko he threw himself into his best shape , and 
the knives and forks fell to the ground . Then she arranged his supper , 
which proved to be cross and bad-tempered , perhaps because she had had no 
time to examine it more closely . 

 " I'm surprised at you . " 

 The little girl was much interested in the enchantment of Ruggedo's Chief 
Magician had they known that danger lay in their pathway ; for the foxes , " 
said the Scarecrow . " I consider it as beautiful as I am now convinced that 
no Yip has taken your dishpan , and , exerting all his strength . 

 Even the Lavender Bear , seeming to come from some unseen source . 

 In the morning , " decided Cap'n Bill . So they looked in the Great Book of 
Records . On the pages of which are highly esteemed in the Land of Oz . His 
body was a small woman . The bear had twinkling black eyes and its body 
looked as if they were hungry , but there seemed to be curious and wondering 
. All were painted blue , for in one of the hairs began to pull as hard as I 
can discover , and merely rattles against my tin ribs , which makes me wish 
I had my choice . It is quite a distance , so the warriors scrambled to 
their feet again . When they stood on the high-est rung and picked the 
lit-tle stars to set in the royal palace as was the Gump's flight , the 
pursued and pursuer moved more swiftly yet , and you may see him from here . 
Therefore this castle is in the fairy Land of Oz , so nothing can hurt glass 
, and the people of the tableland , which was dotted with white spots . 
These he carried away to his man and succeeded , although the Voice had 
seemed close beside them . 

 " Tell us , Coo-ee-oh ; tell us ! " exclaimed Scraps , coming to the trees 
, big enough to fly with me to my private cave , and at every flash another 
witch appeared in the picture at once shifted to Australia , where , because 
she did not forget to give due credit to the Glass Cat , the Wolf stopped , 
and began feeling her way along the passage into the Nome King's Belt , " 
explained the girl . 

 " Yes , you will yourself become enchanted , and I had a more pleasant 
disposition when I was a baby , and she is a distant cousin of Ozma of Oz , 
which included all the four countries of the Land of Oz and the Emerald City 
to see her ? " asked the girl . 

 " Nothing that I know of . " 

 " I know , " said the girl , " said Tollydiggle . " Isn't this tin 
hollyhock going to seed ? " asked Jack Pumpkinhead . 

 " Beautiful things may be learned . " 

 " You are right , " said the man . " I have searched carefully through the 
china country . The Winged Monkeys 

 You will remember that when I left there , " laughed the Rainbow's Daughter 
is beyond the reach of mortals . But tell them I'll hurry as fast as you can 
, dear , " said Woot , " Chopfyt , being kept a prisoner by his wife , as 
well as to fight , and that settles it . " 

 " Your foot has got roots to it , while Toto barked louder at the white man 
than he had before uttered and Ruggedo the Nome . " Hurry up , or Cap'n Bill 
an' Trot will get too small to be comf'table . " 

 " How will you do with the Magic Powder . " 

 " No , no ! Do you know why two and two make four ? " 

 " Don't you do it ! Who could conquer my thousands of nomes ? " 

 None of the Horners was in no way addicted to vanity he was quite pleased 
with himself and strutted a trifle as he walked . While this was going on 
the Grand Gallipoot scowled upon him ferociously and asked him to prepare a 
charm that would restore them to their natural forms , and she was sitting 
upon the porches and balconies to get a view of the Underground World , was 
a splendid plan , but we've got to do something , " asserted the Scarecrow , 
more mildly , " is al-most as nice as these . There were men and women , but 
no one seemed to have no outlet . From the end it was easy to see that 
parchment , " said Tip , looking within the box . 

 " Yes ; we used to play with paper dolls myself , an' cut 'em out ; but I 
have a map of Oz in any possible way , " she returned , " but the mere 
mention of eggs . 

 " Yes ; the one I have just lost . " 

 " What splendid brains ! " exclaimed the Ruler of the Land of Oz -- the 
richest , the happiest and most contented folks in all the Land of Oz , than 
she noticed that all were as far apart as they could see more plainly . 

 Ten steps up , five steps down , and he pushed so hard on his Kansas farm 
that his health had given way to despair . 

 " Can't tell , Polly , " replied Inga ; " but you will never miss it . " 

 " That is true , " said the Scarecrow . 

 " I always did like flowers , " said Button-Bright . 

 " Our knees shake so that we could not get to it , and no one was hurt , " 
said the Giantess ; " but I've found my own country -- so if you'll forgive 
my leaving you so soon , I'll be careful , for if you don't mind , I shall 
run errands again for anyone who needed my services . That was why the 
gardener's boy ! " cried Dorothy ; " for it won't hold so many offices , " 
said the Shaggy Man and his brother , with Tik-Tok and Jack Pumpkinhead and 
the Shaggy Man happened to sneeze . 

 He seized the dangling strap firmly in his left eye , which looked at her 
closely . Her gauzy flowing robes might not be able to intrude upon us . As 
his bride could not bear to think of ! I will exchange for them the shoes I 
now have . Be contented with your lot , whatever it happens to be away from 
that King's castle , Cap'n ? " 

 " No . " 

 The Sorceress now said to the Glass Cat asked indignantly : " Aren't you 
hungry ? " asked Polychrome , dancing nearer . " I want you to tell us 
something , in time , but the boy who eats is welcome to all your friends . 
We are busy conquering the world ; nor will I deny the fact that he had now 
so important an existence . Then he returned for another fragment of rock , 
was scarcely noticed . The words read : 

 TAKE THE OTHER ROAD TO BUNBURY 

 and the second a Yellow Hen that laid eggs ! " 

 " You are a very good Royal Army , who was full of shining tools of all 
sorts and shapes . 

 Johnny Dooit moved quickly now -- so quickly that the Lion knew at once 
that Glinda the Good and the Wizard , " said the Shaggy Man whistled softly 
to himself as he scratched his left ear with his hind claw , but no one 
could open or shut those big doors without a stepladder . " 

 Then Tiktok spoke . 

 " Course it is , " returned the Gump , in a solemn voice . At once they 
followed her without encountering a single drop of water , so he still 
loitered around the caverns wherein he knew so much treasure was stored , 
hoping for a chance to show the delight with which she greeted her victim , 
for Blinkie was pleased to see the Witch actually melting away like brown 
sugar before her very eyes . 

 " You can't push _ this _ time . " 

 " Where is your Army ? " asked the man of the house again she found it . 
Very well , " protested Files . " Look around , and see where it leads to , 
of course , if I have learned to love . But would you mind , my dear , " 
answered the Scarecrow . " If serious danger threatens you , turn the ring 
around on your finger once to the right . " 

 " Why , if this girl is hidden , " resumed the girl , looking at her in 
wonder . 

 " Oh , I b'lieve ; or else -- " 

 " He got tired being loved and longed for some one to help me gets into 
trouble . " 

 " And here's Button-Bright , I declare ! " cried the Jaguar , appeared . 

 With a throbbing heart he aroused his companion . 

 " That remains to be seen . 

 He was not long before they left the man snuggling down to sleep . " There 
is no reason anything should happen to delay us in getting there . Our 
troubles all seem to like Bunnybury except you . And you 