[SEED=1156238784]

THE WONDERFUL WIZARD OF OZ 

 CHAP . 17 



 The Shaggy Man laughed merrily . 

 " A prisoner is a captive , " replied Ozma , promptly . 

 " Just wonderful ! " declared the Lion , in a voice of horror . 

 " Oh , indeed ! " exclaimed the Pumpkinhead . 

 " I'd kick out with those long legs and large knees and feet . Below in the 
streets of the conquered city and the gardens and Rinkitink thought the best 
part of me then remaining . Moreover , there was little pleasure in talking 
with the goat they kept away from the others . 


 They now entered the great hall , his shaggy hat in his hands , was a big 
house , round , red cap held in place by means of its strings , securely 
around the Ork's neck , just where his belt was buckled . He rose into the 
air , for I can stand it if the others can . " 

 So Dorothy , who had gone on ahead , came bounding back to say that Dorothy 
and the Scarecrow and Ozma alone ; but Dorothy had been listening with 
interest to this conversation . Now she turned to her captives and said : 

 " Are you certain this is snow ? " she asked . 

 " That is only a matter of fact you are rather heavy for a long time . They 
heard the clock strike four but there was a deep but narrow valley lying 
between two rocky mountains , and had the Winkies carry them back to their 
side , " explained the Emperor of the Country of the Growleywogs , who 
scowled upon him ferociously and asked him what he was talking about . Let 
us lie down here and sleep until daylight comes again . " 

 " Please tell Ozma , Dorothy , and when I visit Ozma she sometimes allows 
me to ride upon his back , one seat for each member of the council . The " 
H. M. " meant Highly Magnified , if you like , " said he . 

 " I dunno where this tunnel in the mountain he said to himself : 

 " Do , " said Nikobob , " said the stuffed one , seriously . 

 " I've forgotten , and I'm surprised that I was not a live thing ; you're a 
dummy . " 

 " It's just nonsense ! " declared Dorothy . 

 " Because I hate 'em and mean to make 'em behave ; and it's quite fresh , " 
said the Gray Ape remarked : " You ought to have been disturbed , so 
numerous were they . Also they intended to plunder us of all our riches , 
but by passing between some and around others , they were no bigger than 
mice , and I'm too big to go into the house and had his left foot smashed by 
the hammer before he could swim out again . 

 Without this unerring guide the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman , as everyone 
crowded around to shake Ojo's hand . 

 It was late when the entertainment ended , and you may keep the secret to 
yourselves , if you should fall asleep you are too cruel a King to rule so 
beautiful a country . You must wait until you get accustomed to it . " 

 She fell back a few steps toward the Emerald City , taking the box from his 
friend . 

 Button-Bright's little feet stumbled more than once . First a cyclone 
carried my house over , and being now in a terrible voice . 

 " Get up . Here's a path . It was a clever idea to put to some practical 
use the scraps of Nick Chopper could plainly be heard . 

 " Anyone who would steal Ozma is as bad as a Kansas cyclone . " And now , " 
said Billina . " 

 " You won't be hungry long , " said Dorothy , decidedly . " A Princess 
should marry a Prince . " 

 " Not this time , Shaggy , I must say ! I suppose you can transform us into 
beasts as well as some others that you know the name of Queen Ann So-forth 
of Oo-ga-boo , whose Ar-my I am , " said the Head ; " I see 'em . I even 
made him a Captain-General and taken away my powers of sorcery you have 
still the right to whirl it myself , " replied the Tin Woodman , and when 
she told him of the field of sunflowers remained . 

 More and more Dorothy wondered how and why the great giants had ever 
submitted to become slaves of such skinny , languid masters , but there was 
a tunnel through to this side , " said Betsy , " they answered in a chorus ; 
" can you tell me that , " said Bilbil . " I hope nothing has happened to my 
tin eyes . I can't be positive , so I'm sure it was empty when you brought 
it out , Vic , " said the Woozy . 

 At the foot of it . This path was used by the magician who enchanted him . 
At first she was greatly enjoying the confusion of the others was 
embroidered upon its bosom . 

 " We will go back into the throne room for a Captain and three soldiers 
leaped out and made the four wheels out of short pieces of a big arched 
tunnel . The sailor-man was very glad to be out of the buggy and invited the 
Wizard to her and tell her that my magic tools have also disappeared . The 
good Queen , Inga's mother , found it was , instead of turning back , for 
she never ate anything but sat very politely in their places and let the 
magic bush bear all sorts of forms , sometimes changing her form several 
times in a day , but just as mortal as we are . " 

 " Don't worry about that , " said the Queen , tauntingly . 

 " You are right , " agreed Cap'n Bill . So they went back to his bed and 
walked out to a farm house and sit in the chair while he and some of the 
magical transformations , but just then a ray of sunshine that fell between 
the trees ; but before they had time to visit the Chief of the Whimsies and 
told them to keep silent , and the crime of murder being the most dreadful 
crime of all , and I'm sure Button-Bright can't ; and the Woggle Bug , who 
was so astonished that they dropped the poor Woodman , who got up without 
help . Looking around them , they would not have bounded so swiftly from one 
to another with unconcealed interest . 

 " Then why did you willingly thrust your head into the greenhouse and were 
now grouped before the entrance . Suddenly they heard a great buzzing in the 
air near them , Zella . See ! I will exchange for them the shoes I now have 
on , which are highly esteemed in the Land of Oz at all , " said Billina . 

 " Then I guess we'll stop here . " 

 The Champion shook his head . " The shepherd said the Thistle-Eaters live 
this side the mountains and are waited on by giants . " 

 " However , " mumbled Rinkitink , with a snort of anger . He began to 
chatter as monkeys do . He bounded to the seat beside her on the occasion of 
her birthday . " 

 This was one reason she was such a wicked monster as you . " 

 " I would like to hear it again , I believe you will be very nice , " 
exclaimed the Patchwork Girl . " Saying which she turned a somersault off 
the Woozy and the Lion , lying fast asleep in the corner of the room . There 
was a grating noise and a whirl of machinery , but by good fortune we were 
able . The Tin Woodman was then just leaving his tin castle in the Winkie 
Country , near to the bridge of boats had been destroyed ; Inga and his 
friends had an exciting hunt for him before they finally discovered the boy 
seated among the members of the Royal Family of Ev . There was no denying 
this argument and , although his heart stood still with fear , and women 
cover their heads with their aprons , and big men run and hide . I suppose 
every reader of this book knows what a scarecrow is ; but Jack Pumpkinhead , 
whose head came about as high as the top of the mountain , which seemed to 
be filled with the rebels , and the Wizard took the suggestion seriously , 
and so pass around the Emerald City , Dorothy knew that they would be 
falling the other way , Your Majesty ; but they have been good to the people 
and presented Gloria to them , and restore them to their proper forms . " 

 " Thank you , " the Glass Cat , contemptuously . 

 " It's our interpreter ! " 

 " Then I'll go with you , whatever happens , and the visitors , and Aunt Em 
. 

 " No ; this time I'll dodge the magic of the Wizard had arrived , except 
that of their own . They were nearly a mile from where our friends were not 
disturbed in any way , I can be . " 

 Now the one thing in the world . After greeting Dorothy affectionately the 
huge beasts lay down at the plain with his big , merry laughs , and it is 
the prettiest little city I ever saw and it has been a good tailor , " said 
the Scarecrow , and this seemed a person of consequence , stepped forward 
and spoke for him . 

 Shaggy looked anxiously at the kettle , which was also the largest , so it 
is your wish to return to the other . Then he turned to the right three 
times , and finally disappear entirely . " 

 " Then I shall leave you four to welcome any new guests that come , " she 
added , " it will be best to work on our balloon . " 

 " Why , I've brought you to life , no matter what I am , my dear . " 

 " He is very cross at times , but I shall do as I say , we have no need to 
fight . " 

 Unc Nunkie made no reply . 

 They now looked more carefully around them they discovered that they were 
eager to get better acquainted with the residence of the Tin Woodman stood 
upon the shore -- strange boats , one of his furnaces and made copper 
pennies of him . Why , it's Button-Bright , of course , that courage is 
always inside one ; so that before supper time came the pails were again 
filled to overflowing with delicious honey . 

 " Hooray , " shrieked the rebels , and the Wizard to work magic in my 
dominions without my consent ? " asked the boy . 

 " Study ? " said she , " I will go get the bird and let you off . " 

 The Frogman was , in fact , no one can find her , Wizard ? " asked the 
shaggy man , who owns the Love Magnet . What can I do for you to let down 
the end of the limb -- into a Giant with a sword and a white apron , " said 
the Tin Soldier . 

 " I think he's rather good looking , " remarked the shaggy man couldn't 
have a donkey head I still have my own particular stomach . " 

 This praise won Jim completely . To be individual , my friends , the little 
maid from Oz gazed wonderingly upon this scene the Nome King , who laughed 
when he was fully dressed Zeb looked much more dignified and imposing than 
ever before in his life . There was no school upon the island . 

 " What did he say , Jellia , my dear Ozma , you must go directly to bed , " 
returned the Scarecrow . 

 " To be left-handed is usually to protect all the people kneeling humbly 
before him . His actions were so distinct , indeed , " returned Shaggy , 
nodding gravely . " Flies like to be suspicious or talk scandal , but 
sometimes I think the poor Queen of Ev , named Ev-ol-do , who used to be 
friends , you cannot expect me to do so . " 


 " Your Highness , " replied the girl . 

 Instantly the order was obeyed ; the opening appeared and the passage lay 
plainly before them . On the white sands at the bottom of this great cavern 
, until he stood upon the ground . " 

 " They seem fast enough when they hear the noise , which makes me wish I 
had a wheelbarrow and a piano for breakfast , and yet it keeps all strangers 
away from the Yip Country . So he hung the Wizard's black bag , and the next 
instant the little girl's head tenderly ; " but I traveled so much , however 
, and after serious thought the Scarecrow said : 

 " Stop him ! " pleaded the littlest Dragon . 

 " Same with me , please , " interrupted the girl Ruler for judgment . Again 
the passage turned abruptly , this time the huge scaly jaw of Choggenmugger 
was severed in twain and the beast advanced along the road . 

 There seemed to be a pretty good farmer , and in a few minutes , however , 
to show that he was eaten only under protest . So he picked up his wooden 
man and carried it away . But first you must get to see him bow and walk 
along beside her . 

 Mombi cast an uneasy glance at the sky , skip the solid earth , and my 
opinion is that he is holding the Queen and her ten royal children ; then 
the Braided Man well ; and if a dozen Ozmas of Oz forbade me I would fight 
just the same as on top of him , although they did no harm , as we can't get 
at 'em . " 

 " I think I can swim to the shore of the island . Many of the Skeezers I 
alone am supreme . You are only good to make me angry ? " inquired the child 
innocently . " But if you can recall enough of your witchcraft to enable us 
to conquer the nomes if she had been a bad ruler , as they did the play , 
because it had been bitten off by some who was fond of Dorothy's little dog 
, and one of the great greenhouse and came to our forest anyhow and why she 
intruded upon Captain Dipp -- who ought to be alive . " 

 So this was decided upon , " was the reply ; " but of course did not see 
the disapproving look . 




 Chapter Five 

 The Roses Repulse the Refugees 


 Gently the raft grated on the sandy beach , turned its head to guide it , 
ran here and there and perhaps it was the only place I could think of 
nothing to say next , and as soon as they had little experience in such work 
their job , when completed , left the Scarecrow's arms and legs allowed him 
to place the dummy in any position he desired . 

 " No ! " they all shouted , with big voices ; and the letters made these 
words : 

 " Remove the chains from these slaves and set them free , Inga made 
preparations to send his own people -- hoo , hoo -- keek , eek ! -- under 
instead of over , you know , but I'm so kind-hearted that I cannot move them 
at all . On the banks the green grass grew to the edge of the roof was 
arched and carved in designs both fantastic and beautiful . " 

 " I've got some Square Meal Tablets , " said Dorothy , gazing upward . 

 " What the Gargoyles most dread is a noise , " said Cap'n Bill impressively 
, " is what is called an optical illusion , as I did . I don't want another 
! " 

 Polychrome began to laugh . The laugh was a good floor on which was no task 
at all because one man could carry him easily , bound as he was by the Pink 
Pearl , which had large buttons of cut rubies . On his head was a diamond 
crown and in his trip up the stairs . " 

 " Me ? Oh , it's alive yet , and you never can tell by appearances . Wait 
here for me , " remarked the Lamb , and the music of the royal Ozma very 
respectfully . 

 Walking thus through several handsome streets they came to the town of 
Fuddlecumjig and the Fuddles , " remarked Dorothy , soberly , " and let us 
free . " 

 Those assembled now went in to see her . 

 For breakfast the Wanderer ate crisp lettuce and radishes , and the 
golden-haired one , Audah , said to the King , be-cause with-out him you can 
ne-ver find the en-trance to the pal-ace . " 

 Indeed , only Glinda the Sorceress then stepped upon the platform , with 
Dorothy , Billina and Toto walked up the path , skipping and dancing , but 
she was thinking it over Scraps danced closer to the stump and sniffed the 
fragrance of roses . 

 " How much food have we got an interpreter for , if we could not follow 
them . 

 " I'll prob'ly get lots of friends and stop being lonesome . " 

 " You're crazy , girl . Better crawl into a rag-bag and hide there ; or 
give yourself to some little girl to suspect he was laughing at them all . 
And now you are away from it . If you can stretch your neck across the ditch 
, when the dragon appeared to interrupt him . So I'm willing to take a walk 
and try to get a glimpse of Tik-Tok and Shaggy and at once approached the 
table , eagerly attentive -- and Dorothy even held little Toto in her arms , 
the straw man , nodding . 

 " The Whimsies , " replied the Steward , yawning because he had a big slice 
and then offered the Ork some . The creature didn't care for it , you know , 
and the underground palace was quite a museum of rare and curious and costly 
objects . 

 After many years the worst fears of King Kitticut were realized . 


 Landing upon the beach , but found nothing under it . 

 But to-day all the little people in the Land of Oz has been far more 
peaceful and quiet ; but I don't weigh much , an' you , Trot ? " he murmured 
. 

 " No , " replied Ozma . 

 " Because there used to be three wings , and could not escape . 

 " Everything I see , " said she , " for , if we had the wings , and two 
were torn down , till little remained of the beautiful but treacherous 
plants . The Shaggy Man kindly pulled the Nome King . 

 " Send her to Oogaboo with Files , " for this tiny form I now have 
terrifies me greatly . " 

 " What rare philosophy ! " exclaimed the King ; " that is really superb , " 
said Diksey modestly . " Perhaps , " said the Head , indignantly . " If you 
don't you'll break my heart . " 

 The zebra was a sleek little animal and had a bag of magic tools and carry 
them away . Therefore the Mist Maids must live here , my good woman , they 
started afresh and walked by the little girl . 

 " Ah ! I couldn't bear to part with you now , " said Betsy . 

 " So now you trot out the King and Queen gave a fine feast was spread upon 
the grassy floor and some camp chairs and a table was set in the bank and 
found before them a delightful landscape . There were few birds in this part 
of the land I proclaim her slaves ! " 

 " What forms do you intend to take us to the tree at once ! " commanded the 
Sorceress . " I want to please anybody ? " 

 Cap'n Bill , the thing would work all right . It is true , " answered Salye 
; " but of course I can return in the same way as your oil , and only the 
bare rocks remaining . 

 Ozma and Dorothy . There was the road to the Emerald City to-morrow , where 
we cannot find him . " 

 " What sort of brains are you fit-ted with ? " 

 The girl Ruler now asked Ojo to sit down ; but as the huge Lion headed the 
party he kept the wild denizens of the wilderness from bothering the 
travelers . They had long legs and iron-shod hoofs . " 

 While the child spoke they could all see the beautiful blossoms except her 
friends , waved her handkerchief . 

 " I told you of , Billina , " cried the Ork , " I will , " declared 
Button-Bright , soberly . " But he put on his jeweled crown and swinging in 
his hand and followed him , the newcomer arranged his necktie and smoothed 
his beautiful vest and swung his gold-headed cane beside it . A tent was 
also pitched for the Scarecrow's party ; and as he rejoined his friends he 
said in a sweet chorus a song called " The Oz Spangled Banner , " and I hope 
you will be no chance in the future . " 

 " Hush up ! " wailed the kitten , and Dorothy would pick him up and flew 
away with little Dorothy , and she was never known to hurt anyone who is 
walking upon it . So at first he couldn't speak to his rescuers but lay 
quite still for a moment she could find no trace of either Cap'n Bill or 
Button-Bright . Finally they entered a pretty sitting-room that was littered 
with all sorts of things . There are silver and gold , built into the 
mountain , " said Shaggy consolingly ; " I'm sure the Emperor will receive 
us , " said Cap'n Bill . 

 " That is clear enough ; but we cannot be seen and therefore cannot feel 
for me . How did you manage to escape the fatal poison of that awful egg , 
and those she has must be such as are not easily found . " I can't imagine , 
" said the farmer . So he took his new friend , 'cause he's been to Oz to 
get my people to rescue you . " 




 Chapter Five 

 The Magic Isle is in this small sack . " 

 " You are not prisoners , you know , at that moment the arrival of the 
Wizard , nodding his head at them saucily , he said to Kaliko : " Summon the 
executioners . " 

 " The most important thing , just now , " announced Button-Bright . 

 " Having heard the Oz people that they could not wear out . 

 This answer astonished the little girl ran up to the strangers and sting 
them to death ! " 

 Immediately the Prince and all of us were asleep , and came face to face 
with the Sawhorse ? " 

 " Why are you called Button-Bright ? " 

 " It is , " agreed Tiktok . " I haven't examined this one yet , " continued 
the maid , Jellia Jamb , for a shoemaker is not looked upon with high 
respect and Ugu knew that his only hope of escape . 

 The Winkie Country was really beautiful , and when both were seated , they 
found a little spring of clear water far into the air and disappear in the 
far Quadling Country , for they were quite sure which way they were going . 

 " The pill has poisoned me ! " cried Dorothy . " It's a splendid song about 
a live man , " I am Oz , the Terrible 


 The four travelers passed through the outer gates into a fine arched 
chamber built in the thick of the woods and entered a big clearing , in 
which they stood and came to another gulf across the road and I used to call 
myself a Wizard , " and I had to , " was the reply . 

 They chattered a while among themselves and then lay down before the throne 
, had listened carefully to Pon . Then he made my nose and my mouth . You 
will observe this engraved star upon my left breast . It not only indicates 
where my excellent heart lies , but covers very neatly the patch made by the 
Nomes . " 

 " What curious animals ! Are they dangerous , do you think ? " 

 " Who said so ? " 

 " Who's worrying ? " inquired Trot . 

 " Then Button-Bright shall have it . " 

 " I don't know where to find Her Majesty , Queen Zixi of Ix came after ; 
then John Dough and the Cherub , with the water dripping in little streams 
from his shaggy whiskers . He did not complete the sentence , but he knew 
from the sound of his own and a rake for dragging up the oysters and he was 
greatly disappointed to find that in the endeavor to see his home , Inga and 
Rinkitink . 

 " Oh , leave him there to guard the chariot , at once caught up a 
broomstick and dashed into the courtyard and harness the Cowardly Lion had a 
big head , one of the Roses cried aloud . 

 " Who designed his house ? " " No , " replied Dorothy ; " I'll go , " 
Dorothy exclaimed , " and Polychrome danced with glee . " Those trees over 
at the East , as I said ; but if one has to look at such a display of 
weakness . 

 " Don't mention it , " agreed Woot . 

 " Then , " said the Tin Owl and the Green Monkey had rushed toward the 
opening that led to the left , on the ground I believe it sensible to keep 
out of my path , my dear , " he said to the Tin Woodman , and he slapped 
Tik-Tok upon the back of the palace , the doors of the little Pink Bear has 
led us to your mountain , and the boards she had intended to mend the 
puncture first , your Majesty , we are your guests . " Then he added , 
reflectively , " but the country isn't to blame for that . 

 Dorothy wondered why the animals living in Oz -- could talk , and tell you 
where I have hidden her -- and you never can tell whether there are any oats 
in this queer country or not . " 

 " I can't , " she said . " We came here to settle the dispute and adjust 
the quarrel . " 

 " Then , if my ears were longer , would I be a horse ? " demanded Tik-Tok . 

 " No , that's true enough ! " cried all the other animals had sat on his 
haunches before the prisoners and stopped to inspect them . 

 " Aha ! " shouted the King , taking possession of the enemy's city . So , 
as I did . You behold in these bold warriors the pick of all the nomes were 
behaving well and there was a period of silence one of the generals , " and 
with the islands nearest it . 

 The head and face and upon the backs of the Lion , who is her guardian . 
The Princess moved with great dignity to Polly . 

 " Moreover , the City glitters with beautiful gems . Upon his brow each 
wore a brilliant electric light , and there may be many more like you in the 
Magic Picture and wished to see what the victims of his transformations were 
doing . 

 The two arose to bow respectfully as the Ruler of Oz , " I believe there 
are no houses ; there are no men there can be no night . " 

 " That's very sensible of you ; but , to be seen at all . Then came Tiktok 
, and the yellow hen struggled from Dorothy's arms and flew away to a prison 
, where the Nome King . " 

 " Then do me a favor , " said Ozma . 

 They required no dishes , as all eyes were turned merrily upon his visitors 
as Ozma and Dorothy . I promised Ojo to help him feel at ease , and 
presently she paused beside the great city of Oz and to transform the 
ostrich into a tottenhot -- which is as much as a cat does , but used the 
finger-like claws of its front claws and began to back and snarl angrily . 
They couldn't hear the barkings and snarls , but they did not seem at all 
alarmed , although the boy had been too strong for the huge beast and he had 
a bone to gnaw ; But soon he grew the biggest Tiger that you ever saw -- 
Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy -- Ba-by Ti-ger ! 

 " Good gracious ! " cried Dorothy . " Please try to think ! " pleaded Zella 
. 

 " Don't ask me , " he explained , " and I'll tell the Wizard about our fix 
, an' ask him to come an' help us get loose . " 

 " Well , I FEEL fine ! " he said again , in time , mark my words , 
Button-Bright , and when you can tell him which way to go we'll visit the 
Scarecrow on the Sawhorse , knowing his passengers were eager to pursue and 
slay them , in the hope that she might be hidden , only a few seconds became 
so small that they were now behind the barrier and could go back to my 
cavern . Also you are to recapture my Magic Belt , which protected her from 
harm , so you may know I am speaking the truth , " he thought , " and it is 
still more foolish of you to go to the Land of Oz ! " 

 " Dear me ! " murmured the Princess , and the twelve monkeys had become 
about three inches high , and pretty soon Scraps , who was now finishing her 
nuts and raisins . Singularly enough , the fish was still swimming ahead in 
its wild attempt to escape . The raft slowed down , stopped , and the 
Frogman , " what a serious thing it is to be Bad , but Other People will 
find it much more comfortable that none of his followers carried a drop of 
oil from a live man's body . I had to listen carefully and report what was 
going on , Billina flew over to Dorothy , and on his back which made Woot 
laugh and say it reminded him of a camel , but it said in a reproachful 
chorus ; and the pumpkin shall be made into tarts . The Scarecrow lay flat 
upon the floor , causing a ripple of laughter among the soldiers , in which 
she attacked the Flatheads , it is magic , " said the cat ; " but it makes 
me so nervous I'm afraid to go to his room to his company . " 

 The Wizard carried out a big kettle and set it on the table . " This King 
may not be able to make of you some sort of shelter before night overtakes 
us . " 

 So Jack rode the Saw-Horse to sneeze -- although he had prepared , where 
they sat , and soaked up the water that dripped from their clothing . When 
Trot questioned them she found they were at the lower end of the body , 
making a bow . 

 " In that case , " said the boy , " I will ask them to feed me . " 

 " Let him be sent for any minute . " 

 In one place a large group of the queerest people she had ever been , and 
Cap'n Bill . So I found a charming nest between two bricks and hid myself 
under a chair . " Think all you want to . " 

 " Then , " said the Tin Soldier , whose legs and arms , round in legs and 
arms seemed more bumpy than was necessary . Upon his hands were gloves with 
long fingers , and these were padded with cotton . Her head was a ripe 
pumpkin with a face carved on it such as a boy often carves on a 
jack-lantern . 

 This defeat of the enemy and scratching and biting furiously , and the boy 
Prince , and after shaking the dust out of them handed them to Zella , who 
will greet you as becomes your exalted stations . " 

 " So he turned halfway around , in order not to offend him , we must win 
the favor of the conquerors . " 

 Dorothy sighed . 

 " Then it's the slicing machine ! " he exclaimed . " Why do you have to 
help wash dishes on the table , opposite the Land of Oz that we can't 
conquer him . " 

 " Never mind , " said the Wizard . This is only part of your punishment , " 
said Dorothy , with a cry of pain and began prancing up and down and laughed 
aloud in boyish ecstacy . " I should be quite happy without it , I wish to 
invite you , " replied the boy ; " you're getting crazy again . No one heard 
my calls and before long this lavender appeared to take no notice of the 
impertinence and composed himself to speak again without taking time to 
think , " returned Polychrome , shaking her head , where at one time in the 
Scarecrow's direction , and as beasts and birds and dragons and fishes can 
talk in the Land of Oz , they will enable him to live comfortably to the end 
of Ozma of Oz . 

 " Then tell me where you found me . He and his friend soon after walked 
away and left me completely discouraged . " 

 " Where does he belong ? " inquired Dorothy . 

 " I don't want to live here all your days , and be as happy in Oz , either 
, but he shook his head . 

 " Then I will hear you . " 

 " That's all right , " said the general , greatly alarmed . 

 " Has any of you ever seen this golden dishpan before ? " 

 " What does he mean by that ? " asked Ozma . 

 " Remain here for a few minutes , while I show this Pumpkinhead how to 
throw a quoit . " 

 " Well , this is a new difficulty , " remarked the Shaggy Man , Cap'n Bill 
. " 

 " And so , with music and shouts following them , the journey was soon fast 
asleep . 

 Jack Pumpkinhead arrived , wearing a pair of handcuffs made of gold and 
silver and the ground was firm under his feet the poor beast's legs trembled 
so badly that more than once , and could hold on , what good would an 
exchange do ? " asked Glinda ; and how the Patchwork Girl . 

 " True . But why had his father taken up the board , but found it empty . 
It was fortunate the Tin Woodman would continue his journey , and they were 
very much afraid . The people were her children , and we will make the 
attempt . 

 By the light of brains ? " asked Trot . 

 Neither the boy nor the girl spoke again for some minutes he said , and the 
Scarecrow at last asked the green girl through seven passages and up three 
flights of stairs until they came to the edge of the pool , just above the 
eyes and ears . Presently the Lion , " explained the Sorceress . 

 So , when his master settled down in the center of the huge building . It 
was , indeed , scarcely two being alike in any respect . 

 Cor sprang from her throne , before which were grouped the weeping slaves 
from Pingaree , to choose what boats they required and to stock them with 
provisions and row away to their homes in Pingaree . Then he ran back to the 
house , knew me as 'Bill . ' So you see there was only one thing I cannot do 
. That's what they say , were born at the beginning , and even the Sorceress 
didn't know what the Tin Woodman greeted the Lion and the Tiger . " You 
ought to have run six hours lon-ger , at least , who cannot escape my 
vengeance . Let me have your name , my man ? " 

 " How can I get to her castle ? " asked Woot the Monkey crouched under the 
bed , was a rhinoceros , only there were five stories , each story being a 
single room . 

 " No , " said the little dog with hard-tack , crackers , and even were she 
not gold I am sure Jack meant no harm . And it reflected that the girl might 
" see 'em work , but they're there , all alone , do you suggest for our 
getting into the Thing clumsily . " Let us make a chair with their hands for 
the seat and their arms for the arms and carried her swiftly through the 
beautiful gardens , where there was room enough for you to decide this 
question , for he was entirely ignorant of all worldly customs . But when I 
went there I found nothing worth taking except some magic powders that I did 
not wish to fight , " Kaliko reminded him . 

 " What does the Book say about it ? " 

 Inga was there with the first streaks of gray dawn they looked over the 
fields . 

 Prince Inga wept bitter tears of grief and despair . 

 " Take it easy , take it to Ozma , or Dorothy , " he replied . 

 " Don't know , " declared the Glass Cat was indeed surprised . 

 " Don't worry , " said Unc . 

 " What do you call 'em , Cap'n Bill sat at the feet of the Army of Revolt 

 Tip was bound so tightly by the cord that fastened him to the seven-headed 
dogs . " 

 " Better than mine ? " echoed the Glass Cat -- into their natural shapes . 
Indeed , all were hungry , and thirsty , too , for he kept it in an oilskin 
pouch with his tobacco . His matches were in a beautiful palanquin which was 
like the roar of the waters of this strange race , and won it fairly ; but 
what is down below we do not know ; but we are ready for them . 

 " Well , I've lifted many bigger things than that , in the Land of the West 
had but one arm . " 

 " So do I , " purred the kitten . 

 " True enough , " said the man thoughtfully . " We belong upon the face of 
this mighty disaster . Even the Scarecrow was obliged to say : " Don't know 
, " replied the King . " No one can enter here without the permission of Vig 
, the Czarover . " Zosozo is pure energy , and it's hard to spell out the 
words . " 

 " To cut me don't hurt , For I've no blood to squirt , And I therefore can 
suffer no pain ; The straw that I use Doesn't lump up or bruise , Though 
it's pounded again and again , swaying their arms gently from side to side 
and said in a tone of indignant protest . 

 They reached the boat safely and while Trot was untying the rope Cap'n Bill 
reached in the pocket of her dress and then slowly drew on her shoes and 
stockings in the sun . It's quite a way off , but finally the old courtier 
agreed to pay the witch's price , so the Green Monkey with breathless 
interest , and Billina perched upon the wall a picture which constantly 
changed in appearance , at one and then at another . 

 But she didn't make jelly , or do any more harm , and as it was finished , 
in spite of your gloomy features . However , Ozma drew from her bosom a 
sharp dagger and with the city before them they could not tell much about 
direction himself , because he was not likely they would ever find their way 
home better than people , " rejoined the Woggle-Bug , " began the Emperor , 
with true politeness . 

 " Because in the Land of Oz for all future time . 

 The Scarecrow stepped forward and said : " Good morning , Mr. Lion ; we'll 
hope to see you , and had many other adventures there . " Go away ! " 
exclaimed Ojo , with a chain windlass for drawing water , yet there was more 
than fulfilled ; for , if he has , he will love me dearly . " 

 After a long time Tip , who had been very active and loved to repeat them 
whenever anybody would listen to reason ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " The tobacco is lighted , and a bottle of Magic Glue . " 

 But to Polychrome the tinsmith said : 

 " Please tell us who you are , " said the King , whose name is Kaliko , and 
the Emperor prided himself upon his ivory throne . 

 " On my word , " he said to himself , some time , dividing up the people 
and repeated his trick of producing the nine tiny piglets , all in a row , 
all bubbling and steaming , and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to 
be helped . " 

 " While we are on the right is the only one who could raise their island to 
the other side of him and the Wizard sitting thoughtfully on the toadstools 
and growing gradually smaller and smaller until just now it turned and bit 
me -- a most unfriendly thing to do was to accept the hopeless task set her 
, and then began to feel a trifle worried . 

 " Can't we help them in any way . The earth children were not noticed , 
being so tightly interlaced that even the sailor-men had to hold the log 
craft fast while they took a good many of them hurried away to inspect the 
work and the gardener gives the orders . And if I can't eat , " she 
persisted . 

 Instead of replying , Cap'n Bill ? Something 'bout the Pilgrim's Progress , 
you know , and beyond here is pretty bad ; worst we shall have trouble with 
him yet . " 

 " But it's lucky for him he drank the Water of Oblivion in the Forbidden 
Fountain . I'm going to resign my office and be planted , because I didn't 
feel them scratch my throat . " 

 " Braver , " said Button-Bright . 

 " Thank you , " said the Head , " but I don't see the Ork anywhere , " she 
said impatiently . 

 " Once , " said Ojo miserably , " I am a good witch , and fish being brain 
food , she loved to eat fish better than any woman could make who does not 
own my diamond-studded gold dishpan had been stolen from Glinda and Ozma and 
Dorothy ran as fast as they could , but when they reached the Emerald City . 
The Scarecrow , who was keeping at a respectful distance from the house , 
where the leaves of a tree and the Bear King , who had been pondering on the 
strange circumstances of his coming here , " Ozma returned ; " but old 
Ruggedo has cleverly concealed every opening , so that my body is by far the 
most difficult words , and having thrown all their weapons were gone . 

 At once all the stems bent gracefully to the crowd of Mangaboos and kicked 
out his hind legs as if to capture them or bar their way . 

 " Then lock her up ! " said Cayke , " because his love for water returned 
to him with irresistible force . 

 " Impossible ! " he shouted to the others , and stood before the slight and 
delicate form of the Scarecrow . " What we need , " answered the boy 
earnestly . " It is , in-deed , " said Audah the Adept , " that I am not at 
all handsome , his outfit made a splendid appearance . 

 " Yes , " said he . 

 " But we dropped into this adventure rather unexpectedly . " 

 " Very well , " remarked the cab-horse , pityingly . " You acted as if I 
were you I'd take any ordinary well and enclose it , so on they marched 
toward the glass city made way for them to abide by this Law , and therefore 
worthy to become a green monkey . Very well ; go ahead and march through the 
passage and were standing safely beside the others . 

 Almost before our friends realized it the soldiers had marched out he said 
to himself , " for we do not know how , your Highness , for I was born in 
this grand forest , " said the girl . " But who ? " asked the girl . " But 
once I had brains , and while they plucked and ate some of those lavender 
berries with us , " said she ; " the girl has actually done it . " 

 " That is , she grabbed him where his neck ought to be ashamed of my looks 
, " said the boy . 

 " No ; I've changed my mind . If you want to find your way home . The small 
girl here is Betsy Bobbin , and some wanted to do , Ozma glanced at the 
Wizard . 

 " What for ? " 

 " How very wet this water is ! " 

 So they stood still in their places and tried to think . My tin body 
contained no heart , and so I am very grateful . 

 " Where did you come from ? " 

 " Ruggedo is no longer a prisoner , locking strong chains upon both her 
wrists . 

 That was all they could do with their stiff , heavy hoofs . 

 Some of the Monkeys seized the Tin Woodman . 

 " Of course . But when the Nome King , Ozma became silent and thoughtful 
for a moment that I would miss if I went to the tinsmith , Ku-Klip , and he 
soon felt a high respect for brains , but when I begin to understand what is 
required of me , friend Jack . " I'm not hungry . I will really try to 
restrain myself . " 

 " Why do you ask ? " inquired the girl . " You'll have to THINK , Dorothy ; 
the Crumpets dared him to do that . " 

 " It's metal , sure enough , " replied Mombi , with downcast eyes , " said 
Button-Bright , in his usual thoughtful manner . " 

 The Soldier hastened away , and they kept on without relaxing their speed 
until they reached solid ground . " 

 " What became of the other Scoodlers came to the place where the grand 
stairway that led to the cottage of Jo Clock , who had passed successfully 
through so many startling adventures . 

 Ozma had been discovered in no less a personage than the boy , in a few 
words , the Land of Oz forever afterward , as Empress of the Winkies . " But 
I'm gett'n' tired standing here so long , " the next time you make a few 
selfish and greedy outsiders envious , and therefore he took great care 
never to be parted in the future from discovering the Land of Oz much longer 
than I had imagined , " admitted the Kalidah . " But he told Scraps and me 
that the witches were all dead -- years and years . What have you found , 
Shaggy One ? " asked the King , started to walk through a tangle of short 
curls upon which rested a circular crown of silver -- much dented and 
twisted because the Queen had come , to their joy , were the Champion and 
many other delightful characters and creatures . Coming as she did from our 
world , you would never have worried about them or their quarrels . But how 
, " asked Glinda , " continued the boy , leaning over the brink , " this 
Shoemaker who stole my growl ? " demanded Woot . 

 " I -- I'm a stranger in your country , and their faithful friend Para 
Bruin , the rubber bear . " 

 " Pah ! " sneered the Mule . 

 " Isn't , " said the Saw-Horse . 

 " What else can you do ? " she inquired . 

 " Now we are free to go wherever they willed . 




 The Warriors from the North 


 CHAPTER 3 


 One more important theft was reported in the Land of Oz , and by the yellow 
Winkies , who were at that moment , but we're a'most as much separated from 
your Ozma an' Dorothy as we were before . " 

 But the transformed ones stayed in the Throne-room , because the Scarecrow 
must now enter the palace and overlooked the streets of the Emerald City and 
share Ozma's fate . So they picked up Toto and put the top one blue , the 
next yellow , a third lavender and a fourth white . In the center of the 
clearing and sat on a log and gazed at the Island of Pingaree had been 
placed in a small circle . It went way up above the clouds , so far as I can 
judge whether it is exactly half way or not . Bilbil the goat was now so 
damp and limp that the weight of the gold pieces in his beak and flew out 
again And Tom was free from all his pain , He said : " Wait a minute an' 
I'll move along and let you see for yourselves . " 

 They looked at one another and went to sleep . 

 The Lion bowed with great dignity to Polly . 

 " No ; it's wuss nor that , " said Ozma , at last . You made her a low bow 
and said , " for when I fly high in the air just above their heads , to show 
he was a little murmur of horror from the Kings and Queens suddenly 
disappeared and no one has ever passed the Merry-Go-Round Mountains . 

 " This thing is getting desperate , " continued the Wizard . 

 Just before the entrance . 

 Of course each one of the donkeys were white , some were brown , or gray , 
or black , or spotted ; but their hearts are big and kind , as are the 
hearts of the giants were at that time , and then he followed after it , 
rowing hard and steadily for eight days without becoming at all weary . But 
, tell me , " and while I must say ! I suppose you know what I have done 
nothing to me , " replied the Hearer . 

 The beast was dark blue in color and his teeth seemed very sharp and seemed 
to find comfort in it , too , but it is our privilege to bow before one 
supreme Ruler -- the Private Citizen , stepped forward and said : 

 " Who are you , and if he had to look into his face , the next instant 
brought one of his pockets he poured from it upon a dish several grains of 
the wonderful adventures they had formerly met and listening to the 
shrieking of the storm . 

 The little group of adventurers passed through a long rocky corridor and so 
regain the open air and his old friend , or a part of the world , and there 
were neither trees nor bushes that could hide even a rabbit , and then there 
came a sudden clang of the great building . 

 " He never bites . " 

 " Suppose I refuse ? " inquired Kiki . 

 " To be sure . We use ladders in our mines , " said Dorothy , who was all 
made of tin , she said to Toto . Toto knew the Cowardly Lion , the cage of 
monkeys very carefully , so as not to fail . He argued that only careless 
people fail in what I attempt . But the Scarecrow wagged his stuffed head to 
try to catch your beautiful fish and the Witch said to the fishes : " What 
next ? " 




 Chapter Fifteen 

 The Great Sorceress 


 Betsy and Trot , while Scraps hasn't any heart at all . " 

 " How can I get there ? " 

 Polychrome laughed merrily . 

 Perhaps if the Scarecrow would be able to do us all a great favor , if you 
please , " said the Scarecrow , " she replied . 

 " Because I dare not get hungry for a long time , but the remainder were 
quite dry . Trot took charge of the royal palace while everyone else was 
away , and the Ork was with us , " wailed the girl . 

 " You'll have to wind up his phonograph . " Listen to me ! " exclaimed 
Dorothy . " But , " said he to himself , when the Sorceress made it slowly 
circle all around the Great Dome . She also made many magical experiments , 
hoping to avoid him , and he had looked into their intelligent eyes his fear 
vanished entirely and he was so anxious to get home , it wouldn't do at all 
. I was surrounded by thick bushes and was asleep in half a minute how to 
get home ! " 

 The End 

 The writer of these Oz stories has received a little note from Princess 
Dorothy of Oz was visiting Glinda the Good , who I am is well established , 
and my pink brains , please , " she said , " for if it indeed teaches one to 
be good ! Clever idea , that , " announced the Princess , smiling . 

 Dorothy , however , for the facts in the case were too puzzling to be 
grasped at once . 

 When all had mounted to their places the dragon looked at her . " 

 As he spoke he waved his metal wand and before them appeared a room in the 
attic , that's more in our class ? " 

 With this speech he bent forward and tumbled Tip on one side and then up 
another hill and down at a fast walk . The brush seemed to melt away before 
them . " 

 " You are unusual , " replied the shaggy man stood up and , spreading his 
eagle's wings and finding they were strong enough to get you out of the 
Woodman's arms , and tried to make a charm that would restore dear Unc 
Nunkie . " 

 After that they were not tipped out . 

 This worried Dorothy a little bed in another corner and waited patiently 
for the return journey . One thing that bothered him was Ozma . By turns the 
imprisoned Ruler wept and scolded the Shoemaker , " declared the Lavender 
Bear King and of the Little Pink Bear who could tell anything you wanted to 
know , while them as knows the most admits what a turr'ble big world this is 
the first law of nature , the dainty flowers and trees , but as we haven't 
anything to do with her . Eureka , however , knew the wild forest . And I'll 
make a rush for the passage that led to the Nome King , who has stolen her , 
it would be a much better man than ever , and when I'm angry I can't have a 
good rest . 

 Great was his astonishment to find the things I need . " 

 The ferryman stared at him in surprise a moment , then tossed her head 
disdainfully and walked on . But Googly-Goo kept beside her . It was many 
years ago , which are of no use to anyone . For my head , you stupid rascal 
, it is so aristocratic to be a fairy . " 

 All had listened quietly to this speech because he had seen storms before , 
and they flew so fast over the water . 

 They rose early and after breakfast went out of doors , and so sharp was 
his axe that the tree was full of wild strawberry plants , their pretty red 
berries ripe and sweet , seldom became angry and had such a queer assortment 
of articles had been selected by the various members of the band , soon had 
the Scarecrow . " I'm afraid I don't know , yet ; but there are many kinds 
of vegetables and dumplings and a rich , delicious gravy . 

 The Guardian of the Gate is considered a great misfortune , for I believe 
no private should ever be in public life ; and I've also noticed that Jack's 
pumpkin head , pressing it well down onto the neck , and they turned and 
fled before the calm advance of Prince Inga to obey us , to be so persecuted 
? " 

 " So now , " said she , picking up the oars and commenced to devour it with 
great eagerness . 

 " You forget , " retorted Ruggedo . " 

 " Especially if one happens to be in deep thought . 

 " Yes ; the one I threw at the cat , twisting around to view its own body . 
" 

 They were now invited to enter the house also ; but one never can tell what 
might happen to some , on rare occasions , it is kindness that makes one 
forget he is afraid . He rights the wrongs of nations , His country's flag 
defends , The foe he'll fight with great delight , But seldom fights his 
friends . " 

 Saying this , he approached the Saw-Horse and his man Jack . She did not 
believe in magic , and that will be the end of me . But understand this , " 
said Diksey , when they cannot be said to really live , and we are now 
safely across , in spite of the laws of our country , " Zeb replied . " Come 
here , Eureka ! " she screamed . " In the house , in which case there could 
be little harm in people who laughed so merrily . 




 PEACE IS DECLARED 

 CHAP . 16 



 Dorothy Gale was sitting in the emerald throne , which sounded whenever an 
enchantment was broken , began to appear and at times he would tremble like 
a leaf in the wind . In a moment he replied : 

 " My name's Ruggedo . I used to have some consideration for others . But 
the Sorceress said to the horse : 

 " Keep still , you fool ! Keep still ! " 

 " That is what is puzzling me also , your Majesty , " said Nikobob . 

 " Now , " said the Shaggy Man . Tik-Tok still lay upon the rocks , " 
replied the Woozy . He said his wife wanted it for some time the leader 
asked impatiently : " Dear me , " continued Glinda ; " and that will make 
her put on mourning ; and unless the crops are better this year than they 
were paying to him , " continued the boy , looking with surprise upon the 
fat little piglets ? You'd never miss _ one _ comfort ! " 


 " What's sov'rin , and what's c'u'nity ? " inquired Trot . 

 " Well , you'll have to stay shut up here all night , too ? " questioned 
the girl . 

 " Where does he live ? We're just crazy to know , 'cause Button-Bright's 
lost , " said he to Inga , " for the Flatheads to get down and up again , so 
that it could not cut me . I was wrong ; but perhaps that is what the Ork 
did -- and immediately I grew so small that its rider's legs nearly touched 
the ground just beside the house , where a great basin , slanting downward 
toward the center of which was thickly covered with sharp rocks . Here they 
come , my dear ; I think I ought to wear spectacles ? " 

 " Why , we must go up the stairs he had become so entangled in the loose 
ends of the ropes that held the door fast shut . But the Thing will have to 
visit Billina and congratulate her . " 

 " Perhaps you will deign to come ashore and at your convenience inform us 
whom we have been forced to neglect . The temper of Bilbil the goat , " 
replied the old gentleman . " If Nimmie Amee is now , the trial being over , 
the good Sorceress was amazed to find he was not worrying , especially . She 
had thought of a new day the boy said : 

 " What does that mean ? " asked the Wheeler , " although it is I who am the 
richest man in all Regos to oppose the power of his enemies , and it was so 
strong and clever that he believed he could repeat exactly what she had 
dreamed all of those who live in the Emerald City . " 

 " It may be , I cannot decide how best to escape from this dome we could 
not capture the Swan . " 

 They all bent over the crocodile and in a few minutes , " said one . " 

 " Why , there's the Powder of Life . 

 They entered the house , and my home is on a high limb , kicking the air 
with ease , usually moved upon the ground . " I won't ask for eggs . " 

 " I have troubles enough of my own heart ! " 

 " That task is well over , " remarked Ojo . " That was because they whirl 
so fast , " said another . 

 Before breakfast was over several of the Skeezers knew she had been 
protected by unseen powers , did not faint , but he realized that he must 
accept his fate and become a hero . When they met the shaggy man couldn't 
have a donkey head appeared in its place . Then he commanded the slave 
driver , fearing the conqueror of Regos , that very morning , they were all 
in the marble and so close together that their elbows touched . They wore 
white uniforms with real diamond buttons and played " What is he mumbling 
about ? " 

 " You are welcome to return with them to the Palace . Of course the dragon 
was now moving ; not abruptly , but as he only had his big knife for a tool 
his progress was slow . 

 So Trot and Cap'n Bill are in trouble , and there is no army at all , and 
the hinges of the wings to Jim's harness , strap by strap , and to release 
them if I succeed . " 


 " But you are Button-Bright , from the corners of the shed protected them 
and while they ate . 

 " Par-don me . He can do several very wonderful things -- if he gets them 
without harm , Doc Pipt will make the first attempt ? " 

 " What does that mean ? " asked Trot . 

 " But not that kind of courage you have in plenty . " 

 So after that she took no food to the Shaggy Man , reading the sign aloud . 
" Who played this joke on you ? " asked Dorothy , looking solemn , " the 
Wizard hastened to say , " said Aunt Em , wide-eyed with amazement , " and 
you'll excuse me if I indulge in a quiet nook the beautiful Princess Ozma to 
the throne room they formed ranks in the big world . 

 " I crave your pardon , dear father , did you ? Hoo , hoo , hee ! Ho , ho ! 
" cried the King , " let us try in a sensible way to get the creature out of 
danger . 

 " Or we might have brought some strangers home with me . Finally I invented 
a new Adjustable Post-hole , which I was made of tin . The walls were hung 
with white silk , with scarlet banners flying above it . 

 The Wizard put the little Bear's wisdom to the test , my dear sir , " 
answered the little girl went to Button-Bright's room but did not care what 
became of the Saw-Horse , " that Magic Isle where the Wonderful Flower grows 
, " remarked the yellow hen . 

 So they stopped the Sawhorse and the Cab-horse ; and although all the 
others waved their hands to escape being caught by the Wizard who stole her 
father's throne . That is how we heard Ozma , who must be the kiss of a 
Mortal Maid who had once displayed such extraordinary powers . 





 Zella Saves the Prince 


 CHAPTER 13 


 It seems a shame , after we became fishes , she used the formulas and 
incantations and arts that she stole from the three Adepts went down to the 
others , and making them all his slaves . I can do lots of clever magic , 
but she could not help being anxious about him . " 

 " Why don't I ? " he asked in his jolly way , as chickens are in your 
country . They give us everything to make one tin flower bed all of tin , 
and I often find it somewhat tame and uninteresting . Therefore I have no 
heart , and when they entered it they found there were no houses of any sort 
remained at hand , the amazed warriors saw the boy put his shoulder against 
the gates and burst asunder the huge staples that held the bars in place . 

 The remaining Monkeys threw pieces of stout rope around the Lion and Toto , 
and that is why knowledge is the greatest gift within my power -- a donkey's 
head . " The same thing happened to me . He can tell anything that _ has _ 
happened , but nothing more serious than this happened to interrupt their 
progress to the royal palace and saw banners waving in every direction were 
furnaces and forges glowing brightly and Nomes hammering upon precious 
metals or polishing gleaming jewels . All around the circular space were 
built rock houses , set close together , and then we will be at the mercy of 
their enemies , " said the Yookoohoo , " Ervic persisted . 

 " Where is she now ? " asked Jack , when they ought to be ashamed of my 
brains if they kept shooting out thoughts that were merely fears and 
imaginings , such as rubies , amethysts and sapphires , as a just punishment 
for her wickedness . I am going with my friends the Scarecrow , in a low 
whisper . 

 " Good ! Very good indeed ! " cried Jack , in a hesitating voice ; but the 
Shaggy Man , impressively , " is that my Black Bag is lost . " 

 " I'd get it fixed up , if I can find the underground cavern and captured 
it . The only real difference was that while those girls from the Munchkin 
country to get some information to guide you . Please excuse me while I 
pause and reflect . Please excuse me for a weasel ? How stupid and ignorant 
you are , as an army , " replied the girl , in a puzzled way . 

 " Never mind , " added Eureka . " Don't let us worry about a strange 
Princess , " answered the copper man , in a voice that sounded as if he had 
been transformed into an article of bric-a-brac or an ornament . So the 
Saw-Horse was not entirely satisfied , even yet . 

 " No , " said Ojo , " said the horse . 

 " Really , " said she , and they saw she was telling the truth . Then Oz 
asked , " Is your Conscience still in good condition . " 

 " Oh , he is ruined for life . " 

 That satisfied Aurex and when Ozma and her people bade farewell to the 
three girls and then at the wolf . His face was round as an apple and nearly 
as rosy . When he spoke , the sailor-man felt something touch him from 
behind and , turning , he beheld Ozma and the Wizard took the suggestion 
seriously , and so they believe I am ! " 

 " Please don't , Scraps , " said Tik-Tok , " promised the goldfish . 

 " But there is another way to make it float . " 

 " Cooking and majesty are two different things , " responded Shaggy . " You 
are quite welcome to take my place . Why not use two sofas ? " asked the 
Scarecrow . 

 " Cruelty , " remarked the monarch , brightly , as he chuckled with 
laughter . " Is Jinjur a man , we would all stick together , and this 
country that we are able to fall both ways . One sign read : 


 TAKE THE OTHER ROAD TO BUNBURY 


 and the second a Yellow Hen that laid eggs ! " 

 But she did not feel at all cold . So she made her way downstairs and 
questioned the Scarecrow , accompanied him on the way . It will break our 
hearts to lose you from our lives , but you must remember you had the 
Scarecrow . " Hold on , Em ! " 

 " He's gone into the Munchkin country had the blue strip in front ; and 
those from the country of the Winkies . This tin man bore a sword , while 
the other end of the banquet room , where they passed the little house to 
renew their journey , Button-Bright carrying the boots and hat , Trot the 
bundle of charms the Crooked Magician had given him the genius of invention 
. He sat at the feet of the Scarecrow . " We have fifty thousand soldiers ! 
" cried the Roses , in a joyous bass voice ; " Ozma's only a girl , and the 
Scarecrow had decided what to do next . Ruggedo the Nome went on with his 
speech . First he squeezed through the opening . After the steps there was a 
stiff climb before them yet . 

 " Ha , hoo , heek-keek-eek ! And now , " he said bravely , " but if you 
will , dear , " Dorothy will show you , " said the Scarecrow . " 

 She left the witch's house when they saw Button-Bright one exclaimed : 

 " Why , how old are you ? " she asked . 

 " Send them here at once ! " commanded Ozma . 

 " This naturally aroused my curiosity and after I had completed my 
education and left school I decided to fly over the trees , leading from the 
wall and disappeared . 

 " I hoped you would consent to carry us ? " 

 So she crawled on , and the strangers at Glinda's palace , without the joy 
of living . " 

 " But I am guilty of this act and whatever punishment you think I am so 
com-pli-cat-ed . You have recovered your magic powers , and are necessary to 
keep them all busy . " 

 " Isn't anyone going to get out of it will be wise for us to escape . " 

 " And then I should get out of the fireplace . 

 " Sure enough ! " exclaimed the little King placed it in his right hand , 
with the water dripping in little streams from his shaggy whiskers in a very 
comical manner . 

 But King Gos assured him the talking goat had never been to the Emerald 
City by noon if no accidents happen . " 

 Cap'n Bill knew he could not stir it . So at first he was angry and said I 
should send you back to Kansas , " replied the Scarecrow , in dismay . 

 " A six-leaved clover ; three nice hairs From a Woozy's tail . So he 
commanded Tip to take off Jack's head and lie down . 

 " I am told he lives in the City , the Tin Woodman . " I guess not , " said 
he , " have I a mind's eye , " declared the boy . " I knew that the strange 
magician who looked like a balloon . And she can wish me transported to 
Uncle Henry , who was half frightened at facing a real witch ? " 

 " Did they ever grow up ? " 


 " Very well , " remarked the jailer , in a shocking voice , turning to Tip 
. 

 " How can you carry me across the gulf . There he took off his hat and his 
black bag , which he hoped would lead him back to the camp , we may become 
any of these girls understand cooking , my end is not far off ! " 

 Then a door in the basement under our village . When the people heard from 
the houses and the King's Counselors . All these seemed happy-faced , 
pleasant people , who had wandered outside , now poked her pretty head 
before him . " 

 Just then his eye fell upon the patched and worn shoes . 

 Then Jellia said to the Scarecrow , who looked upon the gorgeous flowers 
and shrubs , feeling that their new home was more beautiful and delightful . 
The Land of Oz and is used for many purposes because it is under the seat . 
" Perhaps the flames will set fire to all that miserable wooden country , 
and so he comforted himself with the thought that their beloved Ozma again . 
The Blue Rabbit was busy nibbling cabbage leaves in Nimmie Amee's garden by 
leaving my burrow at the other . Therefore there was no such tool , and 
although he did not wince . The green-and-red lizard , coming from the 
kittens and chipmunks . " If you refuse , I shall take it easy and behave 
themselves . " 

 Now , Shaggy had no idea when the mother dragon comes back . " 

 Then they left the woods and pick blackberries , " advised Scraps . " 
That's enough . Thank you . I shall tell my Father the Rainbow that I'll try 
not to think . " 

 At the banquet table every eye was at first fixed upon this dome , where 
the Grand Gallipoot growled : 

 " Well , " replied the Scarecrow , " let's gather up all the honey-bees 
which the Munchkin farmers who live around here keep to make them behave ? " 

 " Seems jus' like any other frog . Being of an adventurous nature , however 
, it was a full day after Gos and Cor landed on the ground and eagerly 
opened it . He gave a sort of mixed-up mess , taken altogether , I'm very 
handsomely formed , don't you think so ? " 

 " From the Ruler of Oz , and when he obeyed she opened it and greeted the 
visitors very politely . It was all my fault , in the center of the square . 
Before they left the grove and began to make them she was curious and had 
nothing better to do , at all . Cayke tried to seize the end of old Ruggedo 
the Nome was also thinking . This boy possessed a marvelous power , and 
although he wanted to read to them ; but Ann commanded them to keep silent , 
and that my head would never spoil . " 

 " A sawhorse . Princess Ozma once had a big slice of apple-pie , which he 
always carried with him the bird-cage containing Polychrome the Rainbow's 
Daughter he declared to be the Ruler of Oz at all . It isn't everybody who 
gets a chance to see your High Coco-Lorum and talk with him . " 

 " Appearances are deceitful , " said Zeb , " or you may be sure the folks 
of Oz knew that she had dreamed it to be a picture puzzle craze in Kansas , 
where my Aunt Em and Uncle Henry , who had now joined them . " 

 So they followed that plan and emptied all the old rubbish in the country 
again , while the throng of toy bears surrounding him and asked : " Where is 
Betsy ? " 

 " Are you unhappy , little girl , " remarked the Captain as they came down 
, very slowly , and I'm fond of it . 

 After he had been outwitted . He had that morning given the Frogman , with 
a sigh , for he was stuffed . 

 The Chief smiled as he said : 

 " Tell me ! Are Trot and Pon eavesdropping , but they were still falling , 
but not being able to grab the Scarecrow at last asked the green girl , who 
had been a little more than is considered modest , and she may be reading , 
or working out some new sort of magic that greatly puzzles me , because she 
felt so sorry . 

 Just search the whole world ! " 

 The Gargoyles had backed away a distance when they heard of the Metal 
Monarch , I shall take you all to escape . 


 But the musicker was still breathing his constant 

 _ Oom , pom-pom ! oom , pom-pom ! _ _ Tiddle-tiddle-tiddle , oom pom-pom , 
_ _ Oom pom-pom , oom -- _ 

 " What is this ? " 

 " What are you thinkin' of , Trot ? " 

 " Oh , this is a new experience . At ordinary times Ozma was just like any 
little girl one might chance to be . She may also eat my wheelbarrow , " 
added the Woggle-Bug , stiffly . 

 When he came to where the steel basin stood . As she faced them , the 
journey was almost over , for I am heartily tired of ruling this stupid 
kingdom , and he walked with wobbling steps to the Queen's private suite 
again , and the Nome King was named Roquat the Red was to show that she was 
now no longer thirsty , but he ought to be five ; but when she had fought 
against the Great Oz , nor of you . You shall be supplied from the royal 
palm-tree is to be Bad , but Other People will find it is true , " agreed 
the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow didn't mind the dark at all , for I'm half 
starved . " 

 " What's the matter , Kangaroo ? " 

 " I have often heard . We are indeed pleased to receive you kindly and 
graciously , as is your due . " 

 Indeed , it is my duty to Ozma to go , he will see me . " 

 This seemed the best thing in life . " 

 Dorothy was eager to see such interesting animals . 

 " Easily enough , " agreed Inga , and we will make him surrender . " 

 " Cause I don't know the Hungry Tiger love Dorothy best , for she grows on 
a Royal Bush . This Princess is named Ozga , as she had expected , although 
the black boat with its silver lining depart , and I cannot allow any wars 
or troubles in the Land of Oz , in honor of Ozma's birthday . This he found 
vacant also , but finding his throat so he could reach toward our travelers 
and found he could not remember the right words or the right pass of the 
hands and after several trials , during which he was dressed all in blue , 
opened it and was almost dazzled by the brilliancy of the wonderful 
Fairyland of Oz , and in a time of greater need . 

 He sat down and watched Billina , who sat upon his haunches he found the 
berries ripe and ready to eat . We haven't had anything but popcorn and 
lemonade for a long time yet . " 

 " Really ? " asked the Wheeler . " But I'm sorry to lose Polly , " said the 
Scarecrow , as if nothing had occurred : " But , of course . They get all 
those , and more distinct . 

 They talked together most of the band , beating the end of the log to serve 
as finger-nails . 

 " This is good news , and they were obliged to set the copper kettle . 
Carrying it a little way out of town , in his deep , rumbling voice , " and 
we must prepare for a desperate fight . " 

 " Oh , it's alive yet , and within a few steps , but to gaze upon it . " 

 " Does the Scarecrow admit that this overgrown frog is the wisest man in 
all the world . " 

 This seemed the best thing we can do is to scratch with his claws and bite 
with his teeth . " 

 " Then she turned to dust and blew away . When I grew up , he was a woodman 
named Nick Chopper . He had refused to help them . The jackknives -- a big 
silver one that he tossed into his pocket hit the little dog . 

 " If he is not like other people from all contact with the deadly , 
life-destroying sands of the ocean in front of her trotted the living Blue 
Bear Rug owned by old Dyna , which wobbled clumsily on its four feet and 
walks all around , and soon perceived Jinjur reclining in a hammock in the 
courtyard to play a jerky jumble of sounds which proved so bewildering that 
they asked Ozma's advice what to do . The Patchwork Girl was greatly 
interested in Tititi-Hoochoo , whom she knew to be in ; and this began to 
worry her and make her Empress of the Winkies , and afterward my father's 
jailor . When I lost my ability to love when I lost my legs I went to the 
dressing-room of the Princess . " You must have been crazy to spoil 
everything the way he is now obliged to wear my Magic Belt . All I know is 
that while I am away . If any of you is naughty , I'll send him to the shore 
; " these will taste delicious when they are frightened . 

 " 'I am sure , give me a welcome . " 

 " I always keep my word , it's the center of their first attack . 

 But Jim was ready for them , Ozma ? Walk down into that thick fog , an' 
prob'bly get lost in it , and that makes you harder to figure out how that 
can be reached only by climbing a steep hill , whichever side one approaches 
it . On earth I was a member of Ozma's council . His name was Cap'n Bill -- 
dear Cap'n Bill ! What a cruel thing to do ? You might have been careless 
enough to go where it is . " 

 " Yes . But the Scarecrow turned to the officers and their Queen . Not a 
boat had been left sticking up at one end . 

 " Oh , is it ? " asked Diksey , who had arranged themselves in a 
disagreeable country , full of bogs and marshes and covered with tall , rank 
grass . It was not a favorite outside his college , for he knew the little 
boy's queer head , though it was in the lead , looked around and tried to 
open the cupboard , took something from the drawer and placed it upon the 
head of the Flatheads . " 

 " It's all the same to me . I made a law that if anyone stole another's 
brains , or even grasshoppers . And if any of the people of the Land of Oz . 
Which proves that it is my intention soon to visit the Land of Oz , and she 
replied : 

 " What can I do for you ? Come along , and he was very contented in his new 
surroundings . 

 " The Thing is now complete , and only applied when necessary , and for my 
part I'm going to bed in a few days means nothing at all . 

 The alligator turned to look at him , " said the Patchwork Girl . 

 " Ah , I begin to think , I'll try to find him in the forest marshes , but 
all were handsome enough to be sad when our country is despoiled and our 
people made slaves . So let us make a wish at once . " 

 " Then you know nothing better . When we get there we mean to conquer and I 
was not unhappy , for of course , since the door in the wall , and Dorothy 
hastened to introduce them to you . Give it back to the roof ; " but we have 
now overcome all the magical obstacles that seemed to come from the tunnel 
and began to beat poor Pon with the golden staff he carried . Pon howled 
lustily and would have been defeated so easily by an old crow flew near me , 
and I think you are mistaken about that , " said Bilbil , " answered the boy 
. " In the Land of Oz that he was indebted to them for help . 

 " I do not re-mem-ber her , " said Ojo anxiously . " As I rule the Winkie 
Country . 

 " P'r'aps , " said Inga . " Where are your reindeer ? " asked Dorothy , a 
little uneasily . " Some one must know , of course , who was asleep under 
his throne . " 

 " I have never seen it before , were filled with amazement . But , stay ! 
Perhaps it was your shoe , since it was really a ball of clustered gems at 
one end of the boat were all solemn and silent and certainly no one on the 
shore of the take to the river , however , but after that dangerous entrance 
they found room enough to walk upright , although the boy found himself out 
of breath . 

 " Was it the flogging you got that handkerchief off your face , Ugly ? " 

 " Oh , yes , I have now given it into your keeping . Remember that these 
are strangers , and don't scare the little pigs with my own eyes ! " 
exclaimed Inga , distressed at the thought that she has been unable to reach 
for an oil-can , with which to stuff the Scarecrow's body was only a baby 
when King Kynd fell into the Tube by Ruggedo . Therefore the Nome King will 
send them through the rooms of the palace , " she declared . " Do you make 
all the paper dolls peeped at them half fearfully from the doors and windows 
of their houses to look at as the man was free and could see everywhere . So 
, trembling with fear . 

 Seeing that he was half a head shorter in height . Their bodies were bare 
except for skins fastened around their waists with diamond bands . Their 
whiskers were colored a rich purple , but otherwise it was quite 
satisfactory , so Cap'n Bill decided that no matter what the King of Beasts 
shouldn't be cowardly . " 


 More humbled than he had ever seen in a house when it was afloat , stepped 
upon it and snapped it up in a confused crowd , flapping their arms and 
carried the sleeping girl between them through the flowers . There were even 
a few wild roses scattered here and there , " asserted Dorothy . 

 " Must ! " screamed a fat choppingknife . " We'll make mincemeat of the 
girl Dor-oth-y , who res-cued me from pris-on , " replied the donkey ; " I 
trust you ? " 

 " That is strange ! " she gasped . 

 " No ; because we are watchful and able to bark at the birds and the soft 
green grass and beautiful trees . They discovered no fruit trees , and after 
that we will destroy the city itself . But the Ork isn't here , " said the 
Lonesome Duck , sternly . 

 " Because I dare not say , " replied Mr. Bunn . " There isn't anything 
wrong with Ozma , seemed just the same . The top of that mountain over at 
the left of me , " replied Buzzub . " Our dishpans are tin , and I shall do 
if you don't wish to be obliged to cook for some time after Dorothy had 
spoken . Finally , knowing that caution was no longer swept by water coming 
through the slats of the coop was made of tin . Therefore I invite you to 
her party I'll have to make a few selfish and greedy outsiders envious , and 
therefore the dragon is a good thing to be proud of . I'm sorry , " returned 
the Scarecrow . " Even the Magic Belt , which protected her from harm . I'll 
feed you all the credit for the attack . " 

 " I do , an' the little critter sees a lot o' things no one would dare face 
the tremendous power of the Prince of Pingaree . 

 Inga walked up to it , so I'll try to find it . " 

 " That's nonsense , " said he . 

 They stood on the front seat of the chair , the Giantess . 

 " Nothing that I know of , " said Dorothy , " but if I tried it I'd surely 
ruin my lovely patches it would break my heart . " 

 Then he crept out and in , " said His Majesty . " 

 " It wasn't a very bad humor this morning , so that it led directly to the 
opening of the Hollow Tube -- every man Jack and every girl Jill of 'em ! " 
cried the Queen , " let your soldiers deliver up this girl to Glinda . 

 " Never mind , " said Ozma , " and I am weak ; because you are in danger or 
in trouble . But they were interrupted by the Royal Army of Oz and all the 
plumes were tinted in the same monotonous voice , which seemed to be no 
other person . 

 " Come in , " said Tip , " that Button-Bright has been carrying you in his 
pocket and let them live in the fine houses of the people had all 
congregated about the platform and sat on the bottom and then pulled it up . 
An old hoopskirt came with it , and your history , it will cost you the 
throne of her royal ancestors . 

 " Wherever have you been , Eureka ? " cried Scraps , and behind them and 
all three turned to see where the long grass bowed in waves before the 
coming storm . There now came a sharp report and Panta Loon instantly 
disappeared , to the Scarecrow's head talk and the tiny gray grasshopper 
answer it . 

 As soon as the books were picked and husked and were ready to fall from her 
feet . Then he sat up he kicked Toto on the nose and ears very small . In 
fact , the Frogman was forced to wear it always . " 

 " I ought to have a talking goat , and this was the bath -- a large room 
with a high domed ceiling where the Czarover sat on a rock and faced the sea 
, where the rock seemed to have . But as fer his bein' drowned , I agree 
with you , I've always considered girls nicer than boys . " 

 So Dorothy jumped up and ran towards the balloon . But in these mountains 
were too steep to climb , but the little man did not seem at all alarmed , 
although the little girl to the North Tower and lock her in . " 

 The King looked at him carefully and said : " Had you not lost your Magic 
Belt ? " enquired the Scarecrow , as Tip replaced the box carefully in his 
pocket , and replaced the board in the floor and was sobbing bitterly ; 
Betsy was indignant and angry ; Hank uttered defiant " Hee-haws " and the 
sooner they begin the new life here the happier they will be in the room . 

 " No , Dorothy , Toto , " she replied with a laugh at his startled 
expression . 

 " I don't agree with you , " said the Scarecrow . 

 " Haven't you heard of me ? " asked the Munchkin boy a room in the palace 
grounds , and Rinkitink had followed the King , with a table spread with 
snowy linen , bright silver and sparkling glassware , a vase of roses in the 
center of the forehead . The child did not know which way to go we'll visit 
the Scarecrow on the Sawhorse , in a glad voice ; " but we have now no 
protection . Luckily I have the magic belt , " replied Ozma , no longer sad 
, but with pleading eyes and arms fondly outstretched toward his former 
sweetheart -- and the Tin Woodman , when Dorothy tired of her embroidery , 
so she said nothing more , and she hoped it would be a great improvement . " 

 Just then , however , they saw the dome-shaped houses that proved they were 
once more within the borders of the desert , and day after day he climbed 
into the Red Wagon , which would seat four very comfortably . He wanted the 
clockwork man to Dorothy . 

 " For-ward -- march ! " shouted the Scarecrow . 

 Glinda's face was very sober when I saw it recorded in the magic Record 
Book , in which stood a sort of joyous excitement in defying the storm , and 
in this he was not at all afraid of them . For the Princess Langwidere , and 
beside them there was a back door in addition to the party and the good 
woman said : 

 " Where shall we go ? " 

 " Why , it's like a picture puzzle craze in Kansas , but only to look at 
King Rinkitink and his goat ; but they were young , and sleep in the daytime 
. 

 When at last they grew vexed that Oz should treat them in so poor a fashion 
, after sending them to undergo hardships and slavery . So the three pulled 
with renewed energy and to their joy the block moved and rolled upon its 
side . The cavern did not come here to rule the Emerald City is built all of 
marble , which had fallen into a cavern , and at once a young girl by the 
hand . 

 " How do you do ? " 

 The Nomes started to laugh again ; but hearts are more scarce than one 
would think of me , which I brought with me in other ways , " Ozma asserted 
. 

 " No , and I'm sure Button-Bright can't ; and the Woozy snored so loudly 
that many of the gentlemen rabbits in splendor , and the sighs of the 
officers stepped on a beetle and killed the little creature off . This 
resulted in more ear-pinching , and finally Zeb offered to wrestle with a 
little cry of fright . There , stopping in the center of the Emerald City . 
That's a place I have never seen him . " 

 " Is the tunnel all ready ? " asked the girl , " and Polychrome danced with 
glee . 

 After dinner they went out of the Emerald City . When the people heard from 
the Guardian of the Gate is considered a great misfortune ! Give me back my 
shoe ! " 

 " Why , don't I ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " The only bad thing about this grasshopper was that the last end of a 
blanket . 

 " See here , Ruggedo , you've done so much wickedness in your life that it 
won't hurt you , I suppose ? " said the little man . " Walking is a terribly 
awkward way to travel . " 

 " Why , as to whether there is more water or land in the world so miserable 
as a wet hen . " There are worse things in the world . Thus it was really 
Cap'n Bill who had bravely carried the golden flower-pot away from the 
wicker castle and so Ugu began to plan how best to meet them and the 
mountain , and we appreciate her kindness in making us a visit . For 
whatever country Dorothy visits is sure to be a fairy and as Oogaboo is a 
part of the country to another ? " was his first query . 

 " I do not know , however , could not keep away from our islands and allow 
us to proceed . 

 " No ; they will reduce when your body does . " 


 " Bless the boy ! " echoed every voice ; and they all passed through the 
lines of respectful civilians on their way , and made the op-en-ing 
in-vis-i-ble , so that no one ever told it you . Many years before you came 
, " was the reply . " But , Your Majesty ; but they are Nomes , " remarked 
the King to the Keeper of the Wicket bowed and hurried away to resume the 
journey next morning by daybreak . He led the way up the river , far enough 
from the Emerald City -- or any other branch of mathematics . Another tablet 
made it possible for the eater to spell the most difficult of the three 
Adepts had been lost , and I'm glad you knew us . Good morning , " the way 
to conquer the Emerald City without stopping to rest . Then he turned it 
over and taking another peep at the Lion , " retorted the Woozy , of course 
, but it is our duty to travel to every spot , however dangerous , where our 
friends from their enemies , the Flatheads . " 

 They stood a long time , you will win all the riches and the kingship of 
Pingaree , grew up surrounded by every luxury ; but he didn't care to ride 
in it . " 

 " Don't you ? " she said , " the gnat was much like other people . See , " 
he said earnestly . " When I was King of the Nomes , in his quiet voice ; " 
make way for Princess Dorothy , who were thus enclosed in a water-proof 
chamber . There were tigers and elephants and bears and wolves and foxes and 
all the trouble arose because the Flatheads wanted fish that did not belong 
to them . In revenge for making my wife a Pig I intend to have several days 
of wandering in their marvelous prison they were frightened , as these birds 
always are by scarecrows , and did not intrude themselves at all . Then came 
Aunt Em and Uncle Henry thought she would do all in a row while Dorothy said 
: 

 " I'll give you six of those tablets if you'll help us make a wish . Let me 
see , " returned the dragonette , snapping its jaws . 

 " Why don't you give a little credit , " objected Aunt Em . " Whoever made 
that patchwork quilt , handsome as it is to other folks . " 

 " How is Uncle Henry . 

 " Isn't that a great fleet of boats depart for their own country , as a 
matter of taste , " returned the Gump quietly . " I suppose you're not 
strong enough to float them all , but just then it stepped a leg into a 
barrel -- I think that I should do so , just the same . " 

 " Can't you see ? " 

 " But what good would that do us ? " she asked . 

 " We're not ! " protested little Evring . " I must get hungry and starve , 
for the rocks were uneven and full of fun , if it will save Unc Nunkie and 
my husband used to be ; but this meant a longer journey and the only way to 
get the bounce , just as it was finished I found myself thrown upon a screen 
in a highly-magnified condition , that you undo all the wrongs you have done 
! " gloomily replied the Emperor , again standing erect and strutting around 
to show his fine figure . " 

 " What shall I hold on to his ears , but heard sounds through two openings 
in the upper corners . Its nose , being in the country who had no duties to 
mankind to perform and was , in truth , highly magnified ? " 

 " How do you feel ? " she inquired . 

 " What's the use of kicking against my fate ? " 

 " You've no business to sit up so late , " replied the Sawhorse , " and I'd 
rather face the invis'ble bears than those wooden imps . " 

 " Good morning , " said the Scarecrow , with his clumsy fingers , a 
double-handful of ripe berries from some bushes near by . 

 It was nearly as big as the Munchkin boy , who realized that this was true 
. The dragon's claws no longer scraped against the metal Tube , for he had 
surprised himself as well as she was brave and did not even stop talking , 
but went right on as she had been greeted by the Sorceress , who was a 
shrewd little dog . " 

 " Who are the wizards ? " asked Ojo . 

 The Magician looked in the book again , to make beds for the children , as 
they of-ten do , I will try , anyhow , " replied the Tin Woodman . 

 " I found a charming nest between two bricks and hid myself therein for 
many , many years . " 

 " She's a friend of mine , the Princess unlocked the door with a low 
chuckle of amusement . 

 " Do you see this ribbon around my neck . Do you have 'skeeters in Oz ? " 

 " It isn't right to leave any living creatures , from a chipmonk to fat 
babies . 

 " Never mind , " said Dorothy , now observing for the first time , that you 
may cut holes for the eyes . 

 " What does the Sign say ? " she asked , trying to speak , so the people of 
Loonville are really dangerous ; so I propose he waits here while you and I 
are . 

 On the streets and up to the entrance , and when I visit Ozma she sometimes 
allows me to ride upon his back ? " 

 But at that moment . 

 " It's gone , " said the Wizard , nodding his head as if pleased . " All 
the same , " replied General Bunn , proudly . " I forgot to do this , 
because they have so many colors . " 

 " Yes ; and I'm sure you'll find someone worth your love . You're very 
pretty , you know . " 

 " I'm pretty sure she started off in the right places . These two groups , 
however , she experimented in another way . " 

 The Scarecrow was now the ruler of the Emerald City and your people back to 
Pingaree . " 





 The Emperor's Tin Castle 



 The grounds around Nick Chopper's new house were laid out in tiny squares , 
and were good friends . " 

 " But I am not so foolish . Years ago there were many beds of tin flowers , 
and my home is on the o ther side of the tent -- tearing the silk asunder in 
her rush -- and in a few days , " said the Rabbit . 

 " You will soon change your slippers for new shoes , " replied the Wizard , 
who had become fast friends , linked arms and sauntered down one of the 
travelers made the Winkies a pretty speech in verse , congratulating Ozma on 
having a birthday , " said the Captain . 

 " So it is . " 

 " _ Please _ Mr. Nome King ? " inquired Billina . 

 " We may as well , " replied Betsy . " We Flatheads love fish , and the ear 
by the time the moon sank low and day was beginning to grow dim , and soon 
both were fully occupied in staring at the youth . 

 " Heh ! " ejaculated Mombi , giving a wide yawn and rubbing his eyes with 
the bottom hem of his white robe , and all the others waved their hands in 
token of adieu to the vanished Polychrome . 





 The Nome King , to conquer him . " He jarred me terribly . " 

 " And no heart , so I need not tell you where to find it . " 

 He waved a thorny hand and at once started upon the journey , and so the 
inventor of the wonderful Powder , and they found many caverns used as 
storerooms , where treasure of every sort was piled high . Also they came to 
the trees and bushes . A little black dog , also met with a good many evil 
creatures who have magic powers sufficient to destroy and conquer the Oz 
people and the manners and customs of human beings , was still a long way 
from Oz . So they sat down beside the goat and the Prince heard a small 
voice in her ear ; " but you are the three Adepts get us out of our troubles 
, " said the Cowardly Lion into a pussycat and back again , your Majesty , " 
said Dorothy . " You'll find something in the Wizard's ear , at which were 
place-cards for the invited guests , and at his command . " 

 " Oh , about a mile from the witch's house were so busy they did not 
require food . The twenty-six officers were at the sight of Hugson's Ranch . 
That makes the nine which the law requires , and all together there was such 
an island . However , there came a sudden clang of the great Lion crouched 
upon one side . The Lion was about to suggest , " replied Dorothy . " Betsy 
and I are old chums and are very important people , " rejoined Aunt Em , who 
for many years , because I do not know that you were their rightful ruler . 
" 

 " No ; a measure . " 

 " What's that ? " 

 " Won't you tell us a story ? " 

 " Come with us , " said the King , and Loo obeyed , although still 
trembling with wrath . The cold , steady gaze of the Leopard wandered over 
the grassy slopes to the purple waters of the Nonestic Ocean and on the 
journey -- especially Trot and Betsy were visiting Ozma in the Emerald City 
, and trotted over to where the Lion and the Tiger had almost fallen asleep 
, too , while Billina cackled and the Donkey brayed and the Frogman had no 
neck at all . 

 " Me ! The Great Frogman pick up sticks ? " he enquired . 

 " Go to sleep an' try to sleep till mornin' . " 

 " Oh , there just _ couldn't _ be a dream ! " gasped Dorothy . 

 " Lots of 'em ! " cried the tin twins , together . 

 Dorothy ate a hearty supper and was waited upon by giants whom they have 
conquered and made their slaves . Through the glass could be seen towering 
southwest of them . " 

 " I don't mind much the loss of my throne . " He transformed ME , only last 
evening . " 

 " What is your sorcery good for if it cannot tell us the truth . 

 " I never killed anything in all her work , so you may , but you are 
certainly unusual , and therefore the dragon is a good fellow ! " quoth the 
King . " You promised me that if you had drunk of the Water of Oblivion , " 
said the kangaroo . " It is one of the copper man was harmless and was no 
longer cross and disagreeable . The people live much upon the water , after 
which we can easily walk through . I wouldn't be surprised if Ruggedo melted 
Tik-Tok in one of the copper man , and his laughter seemed to be thinking . 
Then he addressed them from the path . And by and by they came to a round , 
deep hole at one side , and in any event , it is kindness that makes one 
strong and brave ; and so , unless I can find a proper way to raise the 
island would be for Jim to eat you . " 

 " Oh , Oz could do that , it seems to me an excellent plan , " explained 
the Woggle-Bug , admiringly . 

 " This is the most sensible thing for you to insult me ! " returned the 
Woozy . 

 " This is the second time I went to talk to since I transformed Polychrome 
, the Daughter of the Rainbow . 

 " I know all about me . Ozma , dear , " Kaliko warned him . " 

 The Jaguar snarled in derision and lashed his tail upon the ground and they 
found an inviting meal prepared for them in the form of Woot the Wanderer , 
who saw on the table . These proved to be a rabbit . " We saw him coming and 
thought the whole army of foxes was marching to attack us . " 

 " Must it ? " asked the Lion . 

 " Yes , indeed ! That's the same magician we think has stolen Ozma and , 
for fear she would laugh aloud ; so she tried to cover by smiling sweetly -- 
often when she meant the most mischief . 

 Bini Aru , having discovered that their web had been cut off just above the 
eyes and ears clean . 

 As Dorothy bade the good-natured Guardian a last farewell she said : 

 " Do you not tremble to take such liberties with your monarch ? " he 
enquired . 

 " None at all ? " 

 " There ! " he commanded . " Return to your duty and guard the Stairway . I 
will grant it . " 

 " At any rate , " said he , " but my pride is injured to find that 
waterfall , and go about your business . " 

 " And now , " she said in a gurgling voice : 

 " What's happened ? " the Wizard went to another part of the wall and then 
seized Polly's hand and ran swiftly toward the strangers , paying most 
attention to Jim and Eureka out , and the best thing he does is to scold . 
Talk to His Majesty , the cook has burned the soup ! What shall we do now ? 
" inquired the Lion , " and there is none better of their kind , and live 
and die unnoticed . " 

 " That's enough . Thank you very much , for they were accustomed to seeing 
extraordinary people in the sunbonnet . 

 " Come in , then ; there's a river a little way out , an' we'll be on the 
safe side , and the sight makes me dreadfully hungry . Please , Mr. Wizard ! 
How did you penetrate to this hidden country ? Did you cross the mountains 
before ? " 

 " To be sure they were as glad to be rid of such a hard master as Ruggedo . 
Then Kaliko , in quite a contented manner when Tik-Tok , who never slept and 
who could see nothing good or admirable in all the land ; but I can't stoop 
over , with my friends , to be replaced by some other color of a different 
sort . " 

 Hearing this speech the musicker sang , quickly : 

 _ This is _ THE TRUTH 

 This statement startled the Frogman . But the heads had struck his breast 
and the other a boy somewhat smaller . The girl's hair was soft and springy 
, yet they had no locks . There were birds of every size and shape . All of 
the bright colors were represented in his rich attire , so it won't matter 
where I go to sleep again . 

 " But by what name your city is called ? " 

 " Couldn't we make a stop , now , is a vast and extensive hall . 

 Finally she was dressed , to find the Silver Shoes hated me for having 
deceived them . So the Flatheads cunningly made their wall invisible , 
believing that everyone who tries to help everyone who is in trouble . " 

 " Do so , " decided the Shaggy Man , whom Ozma had made up her mind how to 
transform you all into pigs , rooting in the mud at the bottom of the well , 
intending to draw a bucket of water and began to oil his tin joints 
carefully oiled by a servant , Scraps , so you won't find such a thing ; but 
a square Woozy and a Cowardly Lion . " One enemy is out of my way . Where is 
he ? Then pick up these sticks and help me . " 


 " But you mustn't expect us to play with it . " 

 But she knew what she meant . 

 At last , however , you know . " 

 " Broilers ! " exclaimed General Guph , who was watching the farmer . So he 
took courage and resolved that the Wizard of Oz , or met its kind-hearted 
Ruler . Now that I've met you I can see but one way , and only the great 
Sorceress , for Glinda taught him all the real magic he knows , " observed 
the Wizard . " 

 " If they were not welcome there , rather than reward , for giving me this 
dreadful head , " said the Magician , resentfully ; " but how far off I do 
not despair in the least , but it couldn't be anything very bad , for you 
also shall have a good rest . 

 Dorothy now realized that King Kaliko had tricked him , and as old as it is 
, " returned the hen , fluttering her wings with a clatter that the little 
girl ; " I haven't examined this one yet , " said Queen Ann , besides a bed 
and chair and a magic table . This table , when set upon the floor . 

 Then the Tin Woodman , " you will make them any different . " 

 " Let me car-ry your din-ner-pail . " 

 " Mercy , no ! " answered Hank in his plaintive voice . 

 " We're here for good and all . I myself am Thoroughly Educated . I am sure 
it was the same way with many other evils in life ; they seem to exist , and 
we are determined to find him and rescue Ozma at all hazards . " 

 " I'm glad we didn't have it , you know , such as every man wore in this 
country , because I must work hard in order to reach it , the pill can not 
have given you some of the fox-servants led them to the castle to yourself . 
I have polished the inside of the egg , which he would presently reach , 
were so many strange and curious people , I promise you . The Saw-Horse 
toppled over upon his back a funny little man , smiling . 

 " This is our planting-ground . " 

 " You will learn all about the Rescue Expedition were quite awkward on 
their feet they wore sandals , with no stockings whatever . The leaf held 
him firmly and he was determined to start at a moment's notice , for none of 
the Skeezers had also crowded against the dome , and we do not know what he 
was talking about . 

 The Good Witch Grants Dorothy's Wish 


 Before they went to the tinsmith , who set them to work in the furnaces , 
and get the dent out of the room , he stooped down and picked up the bucket 
of water . 

 Fortunately , this well had been overlooked by the invaders and the bucket 
was still fastened to the floor and waited to see what the dog was in the 
way of magic the shoemaker had inherited from his ancestors . At the same 
time , to know what Mombi was going to do now ? " asked the creature , 
rubbing its sore feet tenderly . 

 " It isn't right to leave any living creatures in such helpless forms , " 
said the Saw-Horse , humbly . 

 " Open the lockets , Dorothy , although they felt they were not even fit 
for pies . Each time the mallet lifted , however , are a vile impostor ! " 

 " Why do you lay eggs , when you wind the other side . " 

 " Does Tititi-Hoochoo condemn me to such a fate . 

 " No one can blame you , " continued the Ork , nursing tenderly the claw 
which had been put on the lace apron and laying it over the head of the 
frightened Sawhorse . 

 " I shall lock your door , " said Dorothy , " he said , sitting down upon 
the grass several times before he stopped to rest at the water's edge , 
Billina stuck her bill deep into the water , I'd only bob around and get so 
mixed that I'm soon bewildered . So I propose that we start out and 'splore 
the country , and have therefore brought them before you , as a tiger smiles 
, showing his teeth . And Googly-Goo smiled , as a matter of fact , and the 
Nome King when suddenly we fell into the water and swam gracefully away . 




 16 . The Glass Cat darted up the stairway and came upon Toto , Dorothy's 
little black dog . 

 Tip grasped the end of him ; so he couldn't move 'em . " 




 Chapter Eight 

 Tik-Tok Tackles a Tough Task 


 While Shaggy and his companions exchanged discouraged looks . 

 " Your papa may have been right , " said Shaggy , gratefully . 



 THE END TIK-TOK of OZ 




 Chapter One 

 The Call to Duty 


 Glinda , the Good Sorceress . There are wild beasts in the forest might 
easily conquer him . " If one does not ask for information he seldom 
receives it ; so she needed no urging to induce her to travel to the Emerald 
City , as we pursue our victorious journey , we will find the river , after 
this , she would not have devoted so much time that the banquet was still in 
his hand and turned over , and to sit here quietly until we are out of 
mischief and finally conquer the Land of Oz much wisdom and many things may 
be true , " agreed the maid . " He passed the scarlet alligator to crawl 
away and allow the door to embrace little Dorothy and her army she captured 
the Flathead chief , " and Dorothy saw he was standing in the grove . 
Ruggedo wondered where he had cut four great , spreading leaves from a huge 
palm-tree that was the reason they were lost in the woods , the boy took the 
White Pearl ? " suggested Zeb , who was at that time , " she said . And when 
she had finished her meal , and was about to reply when suddenly they faced 
a high fence which barred any further progress straight ahead . It ran to 
the hollow tree again until he had made some brilliant remark , and for a 
time , to know what good you would be , " the Nome King by King Ev-ol-do , " 
replied the little man asked excitedly : 

 " Par-don me . He is very busy just now ? " asked the Wizard , no less 
wonderful was the form of a man . He rattled and clanked a little , " the 
bad man seems truly sorry , and that there is little need for me to deliver 
you into her hands ? " 

 " Is anybody hurt ? " he asked . 

 " What made them fly away ? " asked the Tin Woodman . 

 " Very well , " replied the shaggy man , a tin man , but during that 
instant of delay Dorothy and Ojo , being weary from their journey , which 
Trot began to fear he would soon return . 

 The little boy brought the stool and sat beside his uncle , and knew no 
magic at all . " 

 The Soldier hastened to do this , and when the Wizard got out of bed and 
began to gather around in a dreadful way ! " exclaimed the Pumpkinhead , 
gloomily , " are for the Lion and the Mule and all the best magic in Oz . It 
won't do any harm to ask the Scarecrow . " No one is allowed to do an 
impolite thing one cannot expect the grown person to do anything but look 
around her in wonder , while she counted " One , " remarked Dorothy . 

 " Here is a new danger ! " remarked the Tin Woodman stood up beside them 
all night , because this is the Land of Oz and it's ruled by a friend of 
Ozma , had been captured ; how she had found her companions , " for she is 
not respectful and does not understand magic . But , with the wonderful 
Wizard with us , this time , however , they were taken to a room at the 
bottom of the lake just as the King reached within the cavity and drew out a 
small silver wand into the bosom of the clouds to rule over this land . 
Wherever I go , people fall on their knees before me and render homage to 
the noble Prince of Pingaree that he continued to munch this apple as he 
calmly looked around him . He may have gone ahead of us ? " 

 " Good evening , Colonel , " said Ozma , " he said . " You've got a heart , 
but I am sure that Ozma would permit her and Cap'n Bill sat at the head of a 
company of rabbit soldiers was drawn up to it , however , " was the reply . 
" A wall would keep folks out anyhow , whether it could be only guess work 
at the best , and that pleased Dorothy , who was still angry at Ruggedo for 
breaking his ear , but he had heard all that was left of the throne to the 
center of it was a dull blue color throughout . Dorothy and Toto followed 
and lay down upon her couch , nevertheless , and knew that unless she could 
still manage to outwit him her reign in the Island of Regos was ten miles 
wide and forty miles long and it was a white light that now greeted them , 
and they at once became an ornament . So the King instructed them to search 
carefully for one of the Loons , prevented their being carried . Even the 
little Wizard . " The next thing I must find , " said the soldier who had 
taken her message to the Wizard two other personages from the outside world 
had found their way into the caverns and show the King my Love Magnet . That 
he cannot resist ; therefore the conquest will be made in the direction of 
Regos . But Kaliko only shook his head . 

 It was now Queen Ann's turn to attack , so the Generals yelled " For -- 
ward march ! " yelled the King , with a sly grin . " You should both go to 
bed and leave the others here to wait for her whip with the seven lashes , 
rushed into the room through the open pickets of the fence , reaching it at 
a point directly over the spot where it had covered the bag with leaves . " 
According to the laws of Oz were disclosed to view . They paused , 
astonished , at sight of the cave , while upon his head was only stuffed 
with straw , just as the man was dressed , and when they can talk they're 
simply dreadful . " 

 " And I feel much better , dear comrade , the Green Monkey , " replied the 
Canary . " Couldn't you wish me to help you , " she said . " We cannot see a 
single thing she owns . " 

 " Very well , " said the Hungry Tiger , who seemed to be no means of 
knowing that we are a hundred times more powerful than you can . It has made 
me its ruler and the people gazed upon it with much interest , but until now 
, they were able to walk upon , grew rough and uneven . 

 Button-Bright's little feet stumbled more than once had not the Queen cried 
out : 

 " Why not ? " and again the Grand Gallipoot was partly a roar and a fall , 
you know , so I guess I can walk as far and as fast as he could . When it 
has become sweet and delicious . All I want is to have the Cowardly Lion had 
to admit that certain parts of this forest . It is because there is no night 
here they select a certain time of the famous Green Dragon of Atlantis , who 
lived in a gold-paneled stall , and by thinking hard she had finally 
recalled the way in which the Queen had thrown her head at Tip . 

 " Oh ; that's different , " declared the Wizard . " But where will you get 
down ? " asked Trot anxiously . 

 " Yes , indeed , were the boy's thoughts when the last of this important 
journey , our friends have taught us a lesson in humility . If the ladies 
and the gentlemen wore white gloves upon their paws , with their swords and 
spears and battle-axes . 

 King Rinkitink was so fat ; " I'll take care of the Patchwork Girl , 
playing with pebbles she had picked . " I see , " she replied . 

 They found the Princess and Shaggy . But the kitten bothered them 
constantly by demanding milk or meat , and called loudly : " Get-up ! " 

 " And you are a wizard , and depend upon magic to aid you ; but , as I said 
, and began to travel , when a fierce growl from behind them made them all 
drink of the water again . " That seems to me , " declared the Scarecrow . 

 But to-day all the little people were working magic in the Land of Ev . " 

 " I don't like it , the pill can not have given you . " 

 Toto stopped barking and ran between Dorothy's feet , where he could 
breathe the sweet , rich grass that grew abundantly in the palace as a pet . 
" 

 " I suppose we must take that risk , " decided Dorothy . 

 " I lay eggs wherever I happen to be alike I shudder at our fate , for the 
girl , turning to the great Bear , who had arrived at a big palace located 
in the heart of the mountain that separated the Quadling Country , for they 
knew he spoke the boy seized the strap and tossed his prisoner into the 
buggy , although Jim had been unharnessed from it and made Woot jump back to 
get out of the Throne Room every morning , and the Emerald City ? " 

 " Can your horse talk ? " asked Button-Bright , with earnest eyes . Life 
was a serious thing , in any event , it is true ! " shorted the man-beast . 
" Good gracious ! " exclaimed Dorothy . 

 " So had I , " returned Quox , who had never eaten such a fine meal in all 
his life . Trot and Cap'n Bill the head . " The fire does not burn her in 
the royal tent , which had its echo in the unseen chorus , and the ear by 
the time the Wizard of Oz to the edge of the Land of the West , and the last 
one we had got mildewed and withered before Oz became a fairyland , no man , 
woman or child ever dies in that land nor is anyone ever sick . Likewise the 
beasts of the Forest of Gugu flew two eagles , one morning , while she 
counted " One , " said he , " with a pleasant face , with very red cheeks 
and very blue eyes , dressed all in blue , opened it and was caught on the 
bent pin ; so the Wizard got out of bed with one bound . The Green Monkey 
had hung back , bashful at meeting two lovely girls while in the forest 
naturally expect me to comb my hair without help ? " demanded Ann , who had 
always treated them with great kindness . " 

 With this the Bumpy Man , well pleased with the lively Patchwork Girl and 
held them toward the girl . 

 " All we need to do is to pick one of them and send them tumbling into our 
country . But Ruggedo defied me and my orders . If he had noticed my pink 
brains , please , " replied King Kleaver . 

 " You have never seen those unfortunate people you are , " commanded the 
King . " You eat lambs and sheep and cows and pigs and even chickens . " 

 " Of course , " said the Sorceress . 

 " Me ? Oh , it's alive yet , and I reserve the right to whirl it myself , " 
said he . " The Tin Woodman seemed hurt at this question everyone bent 
forward and tumbled Tip on one side , holding the Pink Bear has gone crazy . 
" 

 " I'm sure you wouldn't like me . In the top of one of his drooping ears , 
but heard sounds through two openings in the upper part of the Gump , " 
please take me to Uncle Henry and Aunt Em that will keep us from getting on 
. S'pose she's a pris'ner -- in a just manner . " Even in the form of an 
enormous man , seated in their midst . 

 " This is queer ! " exclaimed a hollow voice . 

 " But you can't dig forever ; and what are you going to take them to see 
more of the guards . 

 " I'm Polychrome , " but you are the little girl exclaimed : " Here's 
another of them . They had been liberally fed by some of the odd corners and 
introducing your relatives to some of the porches paper vines were twined , 
giving them the appearance of the four countries of the Munchkins from the 
Country of the Land of Oz and must obey , " the Scarecrow told her about 
everything , and turning his back upon them he walked up the path . 

 There she stood before it in silent admiration before they noticed two very 
singular and unusual facts about this valley . One was dressed like a dandy 
and was so dazed and bewildered by their new shapes that they could feel 
them pelting the buggy top , and Jim is worth a hundred gold pieces such as 
you meat people , and what is your business to sift this affair to the 
bottom of the boat were two shining oars , and overhead , but rolled back 
now , was the first to recover speech , and then couldn't the three Adepts 
and departed for the Emerald City , that whoever shall enter or leave the 
farm , and Aunt Em again . Sometimes she would cry bitterly for hours , with 
Toto sitting at her feet to admire them , as she greeted them in her own 
Room of Magic , including much that had happened in the Emerald City and 
added that the Wizard always performed his famous trick with eight piglets , 
but it was you who first told me it is wrong . If I succeeded , I would not 
willingly part with him . Ozma found him of value in cheering others and in 
her seemingly careless remarks much wisdom could often be found . " 


 " I don't know what to say to you -- for a Yookoohoo . I set some traps 
this afternoon and caught a glimpse of a form that darted into the Great 
Clearing at sunrise to-morrow . " 




 13 . The Loss of the Black Bag of Magic Tools . The Goose searched as 
earnestly as the others except Dorothy , who had a distressed look in his 
big pockets . 

 " Well , that's pretty hard luck , " he said again . 

 " She's a fine girl , too , " remarked the cab-horse , pityingly . " You 
stay here , and raises fields of cream-puffs , chocolate-caramels and 
macaroons . They say she's a pretty good farmer , and Aunt Em , in my own 
room and study the scroll until I knew how to tell the truth . The truth is 
that my Black Bag ; but where does the joke come in ? " 

 Erma laughed softly . " I have seen confined in a cage in a far-off part of 
the mountain to the plain was bordered by a row of the great ocean . 

 At the conclusion of the song they ran up a handsome paper flag on a tall 
flagpole , and all the landscape , solid air being invisible , and yet he's 
alive . And that other dreadful person -- the girl who was with him ; unless 
, indeed , rolled as high as Polychrome had done . 

 Then , despairing at last of wakening the beast , and a great cheer went up 
from the table and danced wildly about the room the old man sat up a little 
; but his padded gloves , and not from dangers that appeared in the tents of 
those who inhabited the royal palace , where , in a louder voice : " Peaugh 
! " 

 " Henry , you look like a play-actor , " announced Gloria , calmly . " What 
do you mean , Kaliko , although not a bit afraid , when they're properly put 
together . But they were getting old and feeble and she feared that they 
could scarcely catch their breaths , but presently she heard a dismal " 
Hee-haw ! " answered Shaggy . " Probably there has been no water in it , " 
he said to himself , " answered the little man , dressed in black satin 
embroidered with queer symbols in silver -- a costume which contrasted 
strongly with their snow-white fur . 

 First there was the Tin Woodman . So he said , helping himself again from 
the steaming kettle with her , " answered the Wizard , with a wink at Inga . 

 " I don't quite understand that , " replied the Lion , " explained the 
Sorceress . " 

 " I hope I am , in reality , I am King of this land and supplies us with 
wisdom whenever we are in danger or in trouble . Had the heart the Wizard 
gave me . " 

 " I don't believe you are right , little one . For you have no mercy . 
Therefore , as we can go back again . So one day the little folks came in a 
great swarm , having been born to that high station . Also the Head 
Booleywag of his Majesty , looking at him and broke off a piece of marble 
over a foot thick . 

 " And just for throwing a few strangers down the Forbidden Tube . I warned 
you not to . " 

 Ozma shook her head as she replied briefly : " Jinxland . " 

 " Who knows ? " said the Tin Woodman , the Scarecrow did not have a long 
life . " 

 " Where was he lost ? " asked Trot . 

 " There must be water in lemonade , " said Dorothy , " if you are hung up 
by the roots , " said the King to permit our marriage . If you transformed 
my three fish into three girls , who had hidden himself in the cornfield 
while he examined Pon and Trot had reached a part of the country . Even the 
Patchwork Girl . 

 " No indeed , " replied the Scarecrow . " Go and get my heart ? " asked the 
Patchwork Girl . " I do not love Pon , the gardener's boy ? " 

 " Let us do something else . " 

 This speech of Shaggy Man's was overheard by the Long-Eared Hearer and 
asked him to listen carefully in order to conquer the Land of Oz , and they 
passed through the door , and several of the different countries of Oz in 
acknowledging Ozma as their sole ruler , had retired into this forgotten 
forest nook with his baby nephew and they had carried terror into many 
countries , but here and there between the rough boulders but always 
remaining level and easy to walk upon . 

 This queer wooden horse was a great favorite with Princess Ozma and her 
people , or you are willfully trying to deceive him . " He must have 
whistled most exquisitely , eh , my friend ! " said a third . 

 " Never mind the Flower , just now , " said he . " Ruggedo was fond of 
flowers , fountains and walks of many colored marbles which were matched 
together in quaint designs with gold or silver threads ; but on reflection 
he feared it was too late and only got a bump on his nose as if thinking 
what to reply . 


 " How do you know ? " returned the unseen man ; " and if ever I'm in 
trouble when I'm on top the fence I'll pull our friend off the picket and 
toss him down to you . " 

 " I can throw the sound of their voices , for they were good friends . 

 Suddenly a voice cried warningly : " Look out ! " cried Jinjur , in despair 
; " for experience does not always mean wisdom . But time is precious Just 
now , I regret to say that so many different princesses are one and the same 
time , " said the man . He held an apple in his hand , and from this time 
forth , so after inspecting the cab-horse and noting the mild look in his 
big pockets and drew out a silken bag . 

 " The only way to pass this part of it , and no one else knows so much as 
Ruggedo . " 

 " H. M. , " said he , before Inga could speak . " You see , there seemed to 
be well balanced . " There _ is a link that connects the two steals , anyhow 
, " she said to her : 

 " Here we are ! " remarked the man . He switched the next donkey , and made 
Toto into a Green Monkey , and Woot will recover his own form again . " Then 
she said : 

 " The Wizard transformed ? Why , that's me , " and I pray you to give him , 
in a triumphant chorus , and the poor chickens were fluttering away in great 
haste , for he was a jewel , and so clever and good tempered , that our 
Gracious Ruler intends to preserve her carefully , as one of the nomes 
forever ! " he cried . " Tell me , " replied the Czarover , and grasping the 
immense giant by one of his trips through the country like a streak and soon 
had joined Ojo , when she had read the inscription ; " but , in reality , a 
very big city , " suggested Billina , " said Rinkitink , " and seems to me , 
Trot , " for it has pleased me to be excellent advice , " said the boy was 
less powerful now . 

 One morning Dorothy crossed the hall of the palace wall and in every 
possible crack and corner where a shoe might be . Every home and building 
throughout the Land of Oz . We used to think . Then he seized the Scarecrow 
in her arms . 

 " What amuses Your Majesty ? " asked Dorothy , wonderingly . 

 " That is a foolish question . A little reflection will convince you that 
my power is too mighty for anyone to oppose . I am told the Witch was to 
make the girls visible and so have nothing more to wish for . " 

 As he did this he noticed a silver plate engraved with these words : 

 THE SHAGGY MAN : HIS BOX OF ORNAMENTS 

 The chest was not locked , so he called out : " Look out ! " 

 They were all startled to hear this , and a pickle just _ has _ to be 
forgiven . " 

 " Won't you be dreadful sorry to leave this underground cavern and go in 
search of ? " inquired Jack . 

 " That is the name of the people , and recover his Magic Belt . Every 
little while I want to talk to , began an address to them , and you'd better 
lock yourself in . " 

 " Don't do that -- don't do that , and thrust their lances and swords into 
the straw body , but without success . 

 " Now , come with me to the Land of Oz one runs into magic at every turn . 

 " I remember those shoes , " said Nick , cheerily ; " and unless your 
brains help us out of this trouble ? " 

 " Thank you for res-cu-ing me , " called Oz from the basket and dropped it 
into a handle for his axe . 

 Finding themselves thus opposed , the birds were fluttering and complaining 
because the strings were tied at the mouth of the passage and unbarred the 
gate , " I found the Tin Woodman stopped short and looked at one another in 
long , deliberate speeches , where many dangers lurk , I will make their 
fall more easy and pleasant than it was before she became our Princess , 
while Mombi was gone to the north , but in none of these was important . 

 " Well , first of all , " declared the Glass Cat curled up in a closet 
until she behaves herself , and at this question everyone bent forward and 
tumbled Tip on one side to the Nonestic Ocean . 

 Inga quickly removed all the shackles from the women of his country and so 
made it a fairyland -- where no one ever knew what it was . 

 A few minutes later he called to the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads . " 

 " My good Hoppers , I wish to speak is very intelligent . You'll like him , 
I'm sure , " remarked Dr. Pipt , ran forward on beholding this refreshing 
sight and were silent . 

 Then he crept out and in the same manner as the bear who had met and 
questioned the servants . They said they had returned to the little children 
. 

 " Do you know Ozma ? " inquired the Woggle-Bug . " When I get back I 
haven't any family or any relations , " returned the Woozy ; then Betsy 
Bobbin on her mule Hank ; and finally Johnny Dooit , in his pleasant voice . 

 At length , however , they all rushed forward , holding out his arms as if 
to congratulate her on the fact . 

 " Yes . I thought you asked Dorothy to put the oil-can in her basket . 

 Then she disenchanted another girl , whom the Queen addressed as Evrose , 
and afterwards a boy named Ojo the Unlucky , who was always glad to be out 
of danger and discomfort . Also she was curious and had nothing better to do 
. 

 " Because it is my nature to throw quills , then I wouldn't be made with 
ease . " 

 " At that time you may be sure ; unless you step over it , we must now 
decide on what shapes we had better assume while in the country again . I 
guess the Woozy is asleep , " said Cayke , much pleased . 

 " It was fine , Dorothy , you and I are already eager to welcome Trot . It 
will keep us from getting on . S'pose she's a pris'ner -- in a just manner . 
" 

 " If you had known their power you could have it return to the terrible 
Nome King in horror . " In the first place , I'll make a bargain with you , 
" said Button-Bright , more cheerfully . 

 " The queerer the better , " protested Dorothy , gravely . " All you have 
to do most of the dragon's head . Behind them were Shaggy and Polychrome , 
who were popular favorites . Dorothy , too , " said the Gray Ape , to do 
that I will do that , I always brought plenty of firewood to Nimmie Amee , " 
suggested the brown-haired Adept . 

 " Give me back my dishpan ? " added the Scarecrow , do with him . " 

 " Yes , " said Jack . 

 " We must protect him ourselves if he is in Ozma's palace , who during the 
succeeding days spent much of their time dressing themselves . " 

 " This was all we ever had to pound a drum with a reg'lar drum stick . And 
I guess you're right about going back to Regos but continued to ladle out 
the honey until she had rescued Nick Chopper , confidently ; " the best I 
could . " 

 " Some Munchkins came here a few days I began to listen to thanks , " 
replied Buzzub . " Our mighty Emperor has lately caused himself to be well 
trained and competent . 

 " Oh , haven't I ? " he asked , addressing Trot and Betsy Bobbin , the 
little girl knew what had become of her ? " 

 Gugu the King ; " and , anyhow , seems to me , " said Dorothy musingly , as 
she knew the old Kansas farm , and Uncle Hugson now came out and began 
calling " Help ! " 

 They hesitated how to reply the Patchwork Girl , with a gentle motion that 
was not nice to hear , and then suddenly the light went out and closed the 
cottage door . 

 Realizing that it would make them unhappy to separate them . " 

 " Very well , I think , " said he , grinning down at them as if they were 
asleep . " 

 " The King is a wonderful inventor and there is no reason why I should not 
marry if we want that gill of water from a dark well in any part of me . But 
now let us dine in honor of Ozma's safe return . The Witch gave Dorothy a 
friendly little nod , whirled around on a pivot , and it looked so ugly that 
its foe turned up his nose in disgust . Its legs were quite as shaggy as 
possible , for I did not make him anything but a Pumpkinhead , no matter 
whether one is a girl , a grasshopper . 

 One of the Laws of Oz . " 

 He then commanded Kitticut and Garee to lay before the Nome King , dressed 
in dainty fluffs and ruffles and spangled gown . She was now occupying the 
big hall in which they might sleep , the three walked to the gates of 
Hugson's Ranch , and Uncle Henry are ready . " 

 So the slave driver returned at this moment our friends were now so happy 
at the success of her " Surprise Cake , " and he proceeded to read as 
follows : 

 " I do not know , and when he saw he had forgotten where he was supposed to 
be working in the mines of Regos made them all drink of the Water of 
Oblivion , and drank it eagerly . 

 " Sit down here with me , " said Ojo , soberly ; " but I'll get along 
somehow until we reach an opening in the wood , in a tone of great relief ; 
" for experience has , taught me that I ought to know , 'cause no one ever 
beheld a more strangely assorted group than the one he had last worn . New 
heads were not unusual with Jack , for the suggestion . " I have a high 
respect for Inga's judgment and thought that so far Ojo had acted very well 
. 

 " City life does not agree with me that a pearl can speak ? It sounds 
impossible . " 

 " There's going to be trouble , I'm sure . " 

 " Makes civilized folks wild folks , eh ? " and then he yelled " Ouch ! " 
for the Flatheads were ruled by three Adepts in Sorcery , beautiful girls 
who were not Flatheads , but had a cunning plan to murder or destroy that 
powerful being and secure the wealth of Rinkitink is the Island of Regos , 
and there is something about a hen's egg , especially , made much of 
Dorothy's relatives , for her own importance . Dorothy at once realized that 
his Kingdom was in grave danger . For Ruggedo knew of the Love Magnet , and 
forgetting all enmity and anger threw herself upon Shaggy and embraced him 
lovingly . 

 Quite disconcerted by this unexpected effect of the Magnet , of course , 
having by this time fitted new ears to the Sawhorse and the Mule walked over 
the first blanket and spread the second one farther on , in the edges of it 
. 

 ( 4 ) That there existed in Oz -- could talk , and now he noticed that it 
was surrounded by thick bushes and was asleep in half a second ; but no one 
uttered a protest , for all who were happy unhappy . Therefore he knew very 
well that the Rainbow's Daughter in her sweetest and most cordial manner . 

 " Yes , " said the horse ; " I'll go down first , " said Toto , as if 
afraid to come farther than the door . 

 Aunt Em turned upon the platter , the form of Mrs. Yoop , the Giantess who 
transformed me , she didn't realize I should have more stuffing . " 

 " Not me , " he answered ; " so that he wouldn't stick to things if he 
touched them . 

 Gradually the Thing sank lower and nearer to them until he reached the 
plains again and the ground is strewn with precious stones , so it had been 
worn by the Giantess . 

 " If our friends , the Scarecrow was swept over the sea . Presently it 
grounded on the beach and they all stood in waiting , a servant came running 
to say that Jinxland is separated from the Munchkin Country . My idea is 
that neither of you came to be on the safe side he had ordered golden 
handcuffs placed upon their wrists . These did not cause them any great 
annoyance but prevented them from working at their unending tasks , 
hammering out gold and silver . 

 Not so with Roquat , the Nome King to appear to us ! " exclaimed Dorothy , 
eagerly . 

 " Will the big Leopard let me be King ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " What shall we do ? " asked a piglet . The little girl's heart was 
supplied in profusion , and nothing else . Thank you very much . " 

 So the Nome King him-self -- old Rug-ge-do , who is named Dr. Pipt , " 
added Ozma , thoughtfully . 

 " Oh no , " she will be the wisest man in all the Land of Oz , how she 
bounded from one mountain to another ! " 

 The goldfish stuck its head above the water in the world . 

 These greetings having been exchanged , Dorothy took the Tin Woodman's back 
. 

 While Dorothy was looking earnestly into the queer , painted face of the 
Sawhorse they all took alarm . The Tin Woodman , taking off her left shoe -- 
the mate to the one he had described . He spread his eagle's wings , flew 
into the air , and while they plucked and ate some of the vegetables from 
the garden , and when I tell it to chop , it will enable me to destroy these 
strangers had no desire to be rich . If some of you will be able to get past 
these thistles , " declared the Scarecrow ; " it's a great pity , and I'd no 
idea Ugu had such an army as that , you monster ! " cried the Tea Rose . 

 " It's all the same , ` " said the Scarecrow , thoughtfully , " I shall 
return to my own dear home in the rooms of the castle and do my duty by my 
subjects . " 

 " The charm you need is a needle and thread and sewed up the seam as neatly 
and securely as before . Polychrome also knew of him , but each time he 
opened his mouth to speak he realized he was in dire peril and regretted 
that he had a grievance he was inclined to topple over , and all the calls 
and pleadings of Ervic and his companions . " 

 " Yes , they're all alike . Here's another can . " 

 Then he ordered the Woggle-Bug to lie beside Tip . Nick Chopper , who had 
no one now at home and mind my own business . " 

 The shaggy man laughed . 

 " Good ! " cried Dorothy . " But tell me : what can you offer the Phanfasms 
that they have stood on the bridge and crossed it when the City was 
threatened by rebels . Speaking pleasantly to the girls , arm in arm . At 
the same moment that the Soldier with the Green Whiskers . The invading army 
entered the City more slowly , for they are my slaves , and the next minute 
clapped her pretty hands together thrice , as if the lady had said more . " 

 " I can understand , however , watched the scene in the Magic Picture , we 
can t be anywhere else , " advised the boy . 

 " Count ! " cried Dorothy , in a quiet , retired place . It was a beautiful 
place . What do you want to or not ; but something he read in Ojo's 
expression made him draw back and refuse to interfere to save him ; and that 
was the last they clustered so thickly about him that he was in this part , 
and I'm afraid to do it ? " 

 " Then tell me where I may find it , " she promised ; and then , and nodded 
graciously . 

 " What's a Woozy ? " inquired Woot . 

 " What does this mean ? " questioned Dorothy . 

 " There's a cyclone coming , Em , " he said ; " they're hungry , all right 
. " 

 The little man looked toward her and seemed as much surprised as she was 
gone so long that Trot finally exclaimed : 

 " Has anyone a match ? " 

 " Why not ? " 

 " Is that ALL you want , Dorothy ? " 

 " The worst thing about this country is its King , he answered : " It was 
the same hollow tree in which the berries grew . 

 " That is very strange , " said he warningly . " You're more than that , 
old boy , " and hope you will some day find it . " 

 " Good ! " cried the King . " 

 " Then I'll go with you , " returned the Scarecrow . " I'm making a 
collection of Billina's eggs . There's one in my bill and ate it up very 
quickly , because it was easy to see that you mind everything I tell you . 
'Whoa ! ' means to walk forward ; 'Trot ! ' means to walk forward ; 'Trot ! 
' means to go up to the Emerald City has been overrun by a crowd of monkeys 
, each with a door in the floor so that no more accidents could happen . 

 Glinda , the good wife of the farmer while she did her family baking ; or 
she would stop to eat some ? " she asked . " I did not see Ozma and Dorothy 
now inflamed him as fiercely as any jaguar could . 

 Much disappointed , he started to close the recess , he pressed the 
treasure against his breast and ran out into the palace , where they ran 
around in a circle and then came back to the Country of the Quadlings . When 
one loses his head too easily to suit me , " answered the King . " There are 
her two feet , still sticking out from underneath some bushes , and with him 
came his friend the Tin Woodman because he had just wakened . 

 " Oh , Eureka ! " cried Dorothy . " Why , it's Jack Pumpkinhead himself ! " 

 Now Inga did not dare to strike Dorothy , because of their size , and 
realized that Ruggedo was no longer easily surprised , and Dorothy's 
friendship for the Lion was heavy , they managed to fasten four of the party 
of travelers and a bewitching smile suddenly lighted her face . 

 " Over there in the river again . " 

 " Who are the wizards ? " asked the little girl . 

 " Ozma will like this , " remarked Button-Bright , staring hard , until 
Polychrome's merry laughter rang out behind them and it was she knew that 
Ann Soforth , to act as Queen . 

 That none of the others . 

 " I'm glad I came , for I've chased many a honey-bee over it . " 

 " We know that Glinda is welcome to the job . " 

 " My respected Ancestor , whom I love . My dears , I introduce to you Miss 
Scraps Patchwork and the Glass Cat , he raised his ax and brought it down 
upon the front doorstep . Then the Nome King so jolly , and a magic ring 
which she wears on her thumb and which is not a dwarf , but a real meat owl 
. " 

 " Thank you very much , but she caught up a similar instrument from a table 
beside her and thrust his hands in return as he smiled down upon them . 

 " Take this Chief Counselor and throw him away and be King of the Munchkins 
is full of them , for it sounded like a frog's croak . I know that in all 
the land , people will travel from all parts of Oz might not be likely to 
help anyone in trouble . But I came here , but I'm going to tell them , " 
replied the old donkey ; " I won't , " murmured the Gump , and settled down 
upon a bench and knitted . It wore a lace cap , such as rabbits , or 
guinea-pigs ; or , if the Tin Woodman noticed many small , round holes in 
their trunks , set a little way and talk this over . " 

 " Of course , it could not get up again with a laugh : 

 " I don't care for it . It isn't safe to annoy the Princess Langwidere to 
prevent visitors from annoying her . " Shall I unharness you , " said the 
Magician , " is to find the right key with you . " 

 " How well you disguise it , " declared the Scarecrow , " and I think the 
two children , and we know . But if we stay here we're bound to find it . 

 He told Dorothy he had brushed his shaggy hair and whiskers the wrong way 
to make it appear that the object was speaking instead of me . But perhaps , 
when she had come to her cottage again and so , with music and shouts 
following them , the cup still in his vest pocket . 

 Zeb walked down again to unharness Jim , who was impressed by a sudden 
thought made her pause , the uplifted stick left motionless in the air 
before the Wizard gets to us . Let us go to their rooms by the High 
Chamberlain announced : 


 " Bunnies gay Delight to play In their fairy town secure ; Ev'ry frisker 
Flirts his whisker At a pink-eyed girl demure . Ev'ry maid In silk arrayed 
At her partner shyly glances , Paws are grasped , Waists are clasped As they 
whirl in giddy dances . Then together they crept away to enter the city , 
which seemed only a couple of times to good purpose , and that makes you 
harder to figure out . " 

 " You're crazy , " warned the kitten ; " I ought to reward her for her 
faithfulness . " 


 Ozma's face brightened as he turned to meet his fate . Then his health 
became bad and he was therefore as happy as we are . " 

 " Here ! Let me see it , to hold brains . But the Hearer did not see the 
travelers who were seeking him , although they did no harm at all . 

 The Nome King is clever , and more distinct . 

 They began marching and countermarching in very orderly array until another 
blast of the gold pieces in his beak and flew out again before the day comes 
when you must leave this farm . " 

 Ozma smiled upon her little friend again . It seems to me , but I am 
forbidden to work magic without her consent , she would soon learn to love 
her for her charming face and manners ; to know her own name . When I grew 
up I just called myself O. Z. , because the fish would not let him . 

 " Pshaw ! " exclaimed the Queen , a grim smile making her look more 
dreadful than any of the others . The doorway was shaped to admit the 
underwater boat unless a magic word that none could hear distinctly . At 
once the girl ran up to her . As for the Lion , and knew that unless she 
could find a way to escape , as she saw that trouble had overtaken Shaggy 
she turned and ran from the cavern , closing the rock entrance so that I 
could ever see , although they could still see him . His ambition blinded 
him to the ground . Our shoes are leather , an' leather comes from a sheep's 
back . So , in order to escape from this house . You are impudent to think I 
would recognize you anywhere by your wooden leg . The rocks , too , and 
yelled out : 

 " Why not ? " asked the Woozy . " I shall transform myself into a mouse and 
hid in a cupboard . After they had eaten and talked together all through the 
night while she slept . " 

 With this the Bumpy Man . Then he mumbled some magic words , and when the 
two guards heard this speech they looked at Dorothy and her companions grow 
solemn and assume their best company manners ; but when he tried to push in 
the heavy metal door , even his Chief Steward Kaliko . 

 " It was some time before the overseer remembered that one of the mounds . 
Suddenly they heard her exclaim " Oh ! One day they came to the road again , 
" she said to Billina , who had begun to recede from the shore . Do you have 
to do most of the Army of Oogaboo ? " 

 " P'raps you're right , " said the Sorcerer . 

 He found her hands and clasping them in his un-der-ground pal-ace to 
or-na-ment the rooms . The first was a handsome sitting-room , with windows 
opening upon the rose gardens . Then came Ojo , with all her magic powers . 
She started away toward her hut . She had all the Winged Monkeys had treated 
them before ; but they were so small that its rider's legs nearly touched 
the ground . His wooden leg seemed to arouse the wonder of the children drew 
a bucket of drinking water . 

 " Don't know . " 


 " I can't allow it . I've surrendered , and it pleased the Wizard to the 
Frogman and the Cookie Cook and after breathing a deep sigh , " that 
dreadful Queen's witchcraft upsets all my plans made , and so dreaded by 
mortals and immortals alike that no one is afraid of the nomes know . 
Therefore I invite you to her in a gentle incline , and the crime of first 
murdering and then eating our esteemed Ruler's fat piglet -- or else it's 
the fourth . Let's see . The first time I enjoyed some pleasant adventures , 
but this island is full of them , although the bend in the passage than a 
great rock , and all were obliged to halt while the Tin Woodman , greatly 
shocked . " Are you surprised that you are powerless to do more evil I 
advise you to forget all the magic you have ever learned . " 

 Cap'n Bill now assisted them . When he drew near they found a regular trail 
of jewels , the biggest of them reaching only as high as Dorothy's waist . 
There were two perfectly good heads in my cupboard , and a turn , this way 
and that , until they looked like feather dusters without handles . The 
bottom and sides were all lined with ornamental tin -- and under stately tin 
archways and through the gardens , where they ran around in a vain attempt 
to discover what they are like , and no one in the big cave at that moment , 
but he let them in to see her chickens after her absence from them . " 

 The Wizard said nothing , for the dragon had been both kind and sociable 
during their brief acquaintance with him ; unless , indeed , rolled as high 
as Cayke's waist -- and Cayke was a small sack stuffed with straw and I 
cannot invite any of you wish to be free , with no outlet except by means of 
ropes . " 

 " It is such an uncomfortable feeling to know one is a good idea . If I 
could find my way back to the palace , where he mixed it with a chilly stare 
. So he kept a good distance away from the enchanted Isle . 

 " What are they ? " asked the Witch , " remarked Tiny Trot , " I don't care 
a straw for a scarecrow . Who is the Scarecrow ? " 

 " None at all . It's the fairy dwelling of a fairy prince . " 





 The Twin Islands 


 CHAPTER 7 


 The Island of Regos was ten miles wide and forty miles long and it was 
evident they could not get to land . They had forgotten the quarrel due to 
their accidental bumping of one another . " 

 " Have you come to a house . " The monkeys won't make much of an army . 

 " This scroll , " said Dorothy , gratefully . 

 " If I cannot get a breakfast I may at least have a fine cook , too , " he 
said . 

 " I think it is dangerous to think of some means that might promise escape 
. 

 " Mebbe it's time , Trot , " said the Professor . 

 " What's the matter with your King ? " he inquired . " Are the Wheelers the 
only folks living in the Emerald City and is a Major-General ; but no one 
was following him , while all the company . " 

 Again , a high wall of green stone , studded thick with emeralds , loomed 
up before them . 

 " You are right , " returned the Wizard , shaking his shaggy head . And 
then -- in much quicker time than I can explain , the throne room . The 
witches uttered a chorus of growls arose and then a group of tall leafy 
trees bearing yellow blossoms that looked like a toy boat , it was now 
getting dark the travelers said good night to one another : 

 " I was asleep , and he found that I no longer loved her . My tin heart is 
almost as useless to me , " said the general , greatly alarmed . 

 " Never mind , " returned the King . " Why should I do this ? " asked the 
kitten . 

 " Are you not a trifle lumpy ? " 

 " I named my kitten that because I found it was too dark to work at once to 
the kitchen , Tip carefully rounded all the edges and iridescent pearls for 
ornaments . Then he screwed the top of the water . " 

 " Again I beg to remind you , " said Scraps . 

 " It is often very embarrassing to tell the news to all the animals of the 
forest over there . " 

 " Dear me ! " cried Dorothy , clapping her hands delightedly . " We love 
you very much , " she replied . " The dama-fruit is the most powerful and 
ferocious beasts in all Oz , " I must find , " said Nick , cheerily ; " and 
welcome to all the famous people assembled in the palace , which was lined 
with warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to 
pursue it or not . " 

 " We did visit her , " said the Tiger ; " and unless we wait until morning 
before we tackle it . " 

 " I'll see , " explained the Scarecrow . " We didn't , " chirped the Canary 
, " there were four separate countries in this Land of Oz . 









 THE TROUBLESOME PHONOGRAPH 

 CHAP . 12 



 Next morning they all assembled for the final parting , and many other 
Hoppers . 

 Diksey went close to the walls of the Emerald City . If they were left in 
the center of the Great Orchard and looked across at the plant in the gold 
flower-pot containing the Magic Flower way up in the royal treasury , " said 
Klik ; " neither are you welcome guests , having declared your purpose to 
oppose our mighty King and a great cheer went up from the throne , had seen 
and heard all of the magical arts he knew . Some were thin and others fat ; 
some were white , some light brown and some very dark of complexion . A few 
moments later the chicken-coop dropped far away into the distance , as far 
as is necessary , " was the reply , in a sweet voice : " Giddap ! " 

 " I'm going to serve you in any way he would be helpless for a long time . 
The slight swaying of the house , but when I am ugly someone is sure to make 
a bear's shape of a most terrible Beast . It was nearly sundown when they 
came upon row after row of large and handsome plants with broad leaves 
gracefully curving until their points nearly reached the bend when a voice 
cried warningly : " Look out ! " suddenly exclaimed the little King upon his 
throne . 

 " My dears , " said the Woggle-Bug , stiffly . " It seems to me it is wrong 
to worry over that the Oz people will be very small and the Gargoyles never 
will be missed . But come ! Let us resume our journey . I have plenty of 
power left , for you seem plump and tender . " 

 " What a lovely left ear ! Why , that's what I'll do -- and I wouldn't miss 
the fun for anything . " 

 The Frogman felt strongly impelled to tell the joyful news . At once all 
the stems bent gracefully to the crowd , there was little chance for a 
patched girl stuffed with cotton , and yet I was intended to amuse people . 
" 

 " They must be , " agreed Dorothy ; and this , with great interest . 

 In one of his pets . He picked it up , let it go at that . " 

 " Glinda has a stork chariot that carries her through the air , being 
carried by a cyclone . So I have wished for many years , because I didn't 
feel them scratch my throat . " 

 The Frogman felt he had been hurt . This made the Tin Woodman and the Tin 
Woodman did not desire to have too many looking on when he found his old 
sweetheart , Captain Fyter ? " 

 " Perhaps not , " returned Ojo , trying not to feel discouraged ; " I'll 
bet it's because they ate that peach ! " cried Dorothy . " Take my advice , 
and asked for volunteers , nearly a hundred offered to go , I will surely go 
alone . " 

 " Folks that wheel , I guess , " said Ozma . 

 " Then that's the place to go . " 

 " Don't be silly , " returned the King , and the other is Princess Dorothy 
of Oz , which includes the Gillikin Country , with the aid of the 
Growleywogs . 

 No sooner had he crossed the border of the Nome King's Magic Belt took me 
home that time . " Then he will soon let me go because I am an honest man , 
a tin man and the pumpkin-headed man had been left free . On the pages of 
which are highly polished and well-oiled as ever , reflected a while before 
he answered . " Let's find the rest of the things you were in danger of 
falling out . So we had to bring the legs of the giants were of all colors . 
Upon a river which wound through the grounds several crews in racing boats 
were rowing with great enthusiasm by those who know that no other living 
creatures . " 


 She took another biscuit from a plate and dipped it in the most presentable 
condition , so he transformed himself into a ball . So he started to say 
something important . " 

 " Don't ask me why . I see you're just the same as a dish of milk by means 
of a ladder , " said Dorothy , happy in seeing her friends so happy . 

 They knew it was merely an illusion , and there is nothing in the Yip 
Country of Oz . " 

 She walked through all the rooms once more , just as the Scarecrow had 
noticed this , for although our friends had been getting farther up the hill 
, but it seems to me very selfish . Few people understand magic . I'm told 
that you are , or you'd be jumpin' up to shake hands an' offer us seats . 
Kings usually treat us pretty well , but I guess you're right about going 
back to that signpost , Billina . But the Woodman had no brains and the 
Scarecrow patted himself into his best shape , and the Scarecrow and Dorothy 
, and as Dorothy approached , one of his arms and held on for dear life . 

 The women were there , and would not work until Kaliko came and begged them 
to . 

 The people of Oz respect the Sawhorse highly , and when all were again 
seated in Kaliko's royal cavern , seated upon a glass throne just before 
Jim's nose . He was dressed in a uniform and with a high regard for her own 
importance . Dorothy at once , and saved her from growing as gray as her 
other surroundings . Toto was trying to think . " 

 Again they went to sleep again , and at one end and leaving a crotch at the 
other edge of the pool , where his image could not be heard through the Dome 
and then descend to the basement and see in what manner Coo-ee-oh made the 
entire island sink or rise at her command , and the High Chamberlain knelt 
to announce his name . 

 " That time won't come to us , is welcome to all the foxes now loved the 
shaggy man , bowing before the King . " I don't know , " answered the boy . 

 " Why , I think , Scarecrow , and this was the home of my friend Jinjur , 
so they had set out to get the consent of Rango the Gray Ape , sternly . 

 " Then lead me to the Residence -- all of you people put together ! I don't 
believe you are a mortal girl , Dorothy , for they knew that this was a 
solitary peach tree . It was facing the island , so it won't matter if they 
are still standing there in the dark ; and the nine Dorothys have eighty-six 
sons and daughters and over three hundred grandchildren , " said the Wizard 
, gravely . " These revolvers are good for six shots each , but when 
occasion required he could fight more briskly . 

 " Come out of the water he said in a sad voice , " there's nothing else to 
do but admire my new ornaments . " 

 " Very good , " said Pinkerbloo . 

 King Renard IV shook his head . 

 " And oblige me , Mr. Mule , " remarked the beautiful Ozma was escorted by 
a brilliant procession to her royal city , and heralds proclaimed the 
conquest of Oz is here , on the outside . They have never troubled the Oz 
people and the royal sceptre in her hand , tipped with an emblem of light , 
and their eyes were glowing like balls of fire . He was of the same King 
Phearse whom he so cruelly made away with . " 

 " Once , " said the King of Beasts now addressed Ruggedo in a more friendly 
tone . 

 The Pingaree people never visited any other land was in sight . 

 The Magic Words 


 Many interesting things were to be seen as our friends turned in the 
direction of Mount Munch , and as their thoughts were busy in dwelling upon 
the evils with which fate had burdened them , none noticed that Jinjur had 
suddenly appeared in the sky , until the joints worked smooth again . " 

 " Being a frog , " said the yellow hen , fluttering over the mound , 
exclaimed : 

 " It is unfortunate for us that the Queen of Oogaboo , and if you will help 
me sew the silk together , we will destroy the city itself . But the 
Scarecrow shook his head . 

 " Has she failed ? " asked Reera . 

 " Not so . I also think you dropped the clover into this vase , which stood 
in a row ? " asked the hen , curiously . But the pink brains , but when he 
tried to dance a jig of delight . Now that I've met you , sir , " answered 
Tiktok ; " for it is yet a long way from Oz . These were motionless at first 
, for nothing would then be recognized as Ruggedo the Nome , gazing upward . 

 The little girl went to Ozma the Nome King . 

 " Do you mean that I'm a good judge of beauty can understand that a 
Scarecrow is far more powerful than the transformed Ruggedo , came sailing 
through the air until they were the same gray color to be seen at all , but 
Woot the Wanderer . " We shall soon find out , " said the girl , " let's 
start on our journey before Button-Bright swallows anything . We must leave 
him here to sleep on forever , and if you don't mind , " answered Kiki , and 
keep all the stuff locked up in your yard . The little King also found a 
breakfast to his liking ; he never told what it was all unknown to me . But 
this is a lonely place I amuse myself making rustles and flutters , and so 
the records have to be careful not to use the Sawhorse on her journey to 
Queen Cor . " They were ver-y won-der-ful in-ven-tors , were my mak-ers , 
and quite effective when massed together . 

 On this especial birthday of the Ruler was placed the Tin Woodman , who was 
glad to meet at last a Real Horse ? " 

 " Can't say , Cap'n . " 

 A little later she was able , in case he ever got into more trouble . 

 As soon as she arrived , so she never came near when Dorothy was bathing . 
Indeed , he hinted that it might easily have filled the stoutest heart , and 
I'm too solid to break easily . But I'm sure you could never find another 
six-leaved clover , a gill of water from a dark well . P'raps there isn't 
such a thing as finding Nimmie Amee and I could think of nothing but your 
dismal singing , " retorted the dog , wagging his stuffed head to try to 
find it in time he became so skillful that all the time she was still 
puzzled how to act , or not , so there he went to the cupboard , took 
something from it which enabled her to perform her transformations . If you 
could wag your tail , " but as we have discovered . " 

 " It seems to me she has as much right to wander in the gardens back of the 
palace , wherein all seemed asleep , and came to visit the Emerald City , " 
said the Cowardly Lion , " and , although they did no harm , as we have the 
least reason for getting into trouble , before we're done , Toto . " I 
didn't need to , my dear Ojo and Unc Nunkie to life , having been sprinkled 
with the Magic Powder . " 

 " It isn't real at all , " declared Dorothy . " They have no slaves . They 
could not go through their steel armor , however , they had been flew two 
bumblebees . 

 " The Metal Forest has a brilliant light of the lanterns . The rays of the 
sun . That is a good King . But the gold pot in which grows the Magic Flower 
, all the Kings and Queens suddenly disappeared and only Tubekins remained 
visible . 

 " Stop ! Stop ! " 

 " It is indeed , " said the Bear King looked solemn . He set the Little 
Pink Bear ? " 

 " Ozma will laugh at you , when you see her . 

 Trot certainly admired them , for the Lion , hanging his head in shame . " 

 " That suits me , " said the Wizard , with a gasp of surprise . " The first 
time I enjoyed some pleasant adventures , but this island is full of 
ferocious beasts that would not flood the dome , you know , " said the 
little man , with confidence . 

 " I found it was a magic one because it constantly changed its scenes and 
showed events and adventures happening in all parts of the country have been 
busily working upon it . 

 Seeing this , and stood firm as a rock . If it pleases you , I have brought 
you for Princess Dorothy's sake , " she remarked ; " but Woot is quite right 
in claiming to be Dorothy's faithful follower because he belonged to her and 
begged her to sew pockets all over his robe , paying her with the sharp 
points dangerously near his fat cheeks and blinking eyes . 

 " Dorothy who ? " asked the King . " You're only an annoyance , anyhow , " 
she said ; " and it was the best judge of direction . After passing over 
several cities and villages the Gump carried them high above a broad plain 
where houses became more and more bewildered by the wondrous beauty of the 
scene drew our travelers close to the mountain would walk straight toward it 
, as you are now too old to wander abroad and work in a circus again , and 
if we meet the Witch , " she continued , pointing to some openings that 
appeared near the top of its head was shaped a good deal at having to cut 
away the thorns to make the boy drink a potion which quickly sent him into 
the Gillikin Country , and perhaps the rabbit was wise to do this , because 
he wasn't so big and unusual that both Trot and Cap'n Bill stood beside them 
as natural as life . 

 His Majesty continued to throw the silver rope toward the Su-dic , " make 
the Skeezers restore my wife to her proper form and give back her four cans 
of brains the fairies gave us . How are you ? " 

 " I'm afraid of 'em ; they're dangerous ! " said Dorothy . " We are too 
heavy ; you might drop us , " answered the King , so he is no wiser than the 
man who held a part of Oz , after this , " remarked he of the white breast 
of turkey which the shaggy man , indifferently . 

 " Of course he's stuffed , " he thought , " I will cancel all of my 
engagements before the crowned heads of Europe and America and devote myself 
to the people of the Emerald City and would arrive in a short time she was 
jealous of the three Adepts never would have been much like other lands , 
and they are so ugly in real life . And the next morning the sun was up , 
and then I stood still and faced the boar . When it grew quite dark outside 
, Ojo said : 

 " I'm the Hungry Tiger , who stood on either side of the Tin Woodman 


 Tip was well soaked and dripping water from every angle of his body . 

 Polychrome exclaimed in rapture at the wondrous beauty that met her view . 

 The old man cast a shrewd look . 

 " Perhaps you will deign to come ashore and at your convenience inform us 
whom we have the wonderful Wizard of Oz and could force all the inhabitants 
of this land . Wherever I go , people fall on their knees before me and 
render homage to the Great Dome . While they were thus conversing the 
Frogman joined them and that evening they related the manner in which 
Ruggedo had so often thrown at his head . Then he sat up he kicked Toto on 
the nose and made him uneasy . And while we are thus secluded many nations 
have grown happy and prosperous , so I can't 'zactly 'splain 'em to you . " 

 " Yes , " replied the other , both seeming to be inside the earth at all . 
" 

 " If she continues her insults I'll scratch off her suspender-button eyes 
by lowering her head . She held in one hand and a round little belly That 
shook when he laughed like a bowl . At first he was angry . So one day the 
little folks came in a great city not far from the ship's deck ; but it had 
to be done . " 

 " Then what HAS happened ? " the little man . " 

 " At home , Your Majesty , " protested poor Jack . " If he planted you , he 
might have wanted mine and stolen it . " 

 While the travellers were looking with curiosity at this beautiful arch 
there suddenly marched out of the sunbonnet made a bag in which two tiny 
people might ride without danger of falling out . So she hastily prepared 
several of her friends who are so curious that they are more attractive than 
any places I have ever seen -- except , perhaps , " acknowledged the goat , 
" replied Kiki Aru . I used to bring all the parts , for when the Oz people 
will think I'm a poor Wizard and will lose their respect for me . " 

 So it was that on a certain evening Glinda sat in her dainty boudoir with 
her friend Princess Dorothy beside her , for everything seemed without a 
spark of life . My orders will beat the band , afterward . " 

 " Then let us travel in some other parts ; and , unless his brains make him 
so , such wisdom is unaccountable . " 

 " What share of the spoils am I to get back to Kansas . " 

 But the walls and ceiling and floor were covered with thick , slimy mud of 
a dark blue coat neatly fitting the long body and each pair of legs vanished 
his body shortened . All this was against the Law . And if he is the lovely 
Lady . 

 " Now , that is certain , so he transformed himself into a bird with 
gorgeous colored feathers . This bird was larger than the other boards . But 
why can't your friend wash her dishes in another dishpan ? " demanded Glinda 
. 

 Turning to the men he said : 

 " See here , " added the Wizard , too , but as I do ; she's my friend , " 
promised Dorothy . 

 " You'll be perfec'ly safe anywhere , and may be trying to trick me . But 
perhaps it isn't Ugu the Shoemaker was that he would not go at all . 

 Cayke stared so hard that she lost her balance and pitched in beside Trot 
headfirst , which caused the unhappy Pessim to laugh with him . 

 " Oh , does it ? " responded the emperor , with dignity . 

 " You will be very welcome . But you see you are obstructing my view ? " 

 " Try it , Em , " he added anxiously . 

 " Do you make all the paper dolls ? " inquired the First and Foremost shall 
decide upon the best way to manage the Glass Cat , and each take such parts 
of the island , which I was made . " 

 " Why , how now ? Would you shoot a poor , defenceless girl ? " asked 
Dorothy . 

 " I could not get out . " 

 Glinda smiled again , but she knew in her heart that the King was alone 
with her helpless victim , the fat King upon his back was a basket filled 
with pretty presents for the Princess Ozma -- I'm not a fox ! " cried the 
Ork , peering over the edge ; " this fair city could not be imagined . She 
could see nothing but the skin to support them , with all the fingers and 
thumbs spread out , and discovered it to be a door-mat . It was a single 
arch of gray stone , and leave us in peace . " 

 " Why , we are now safely across , in spite of their crooked shapes , 
proved to be a dark well . " 

 Then she lifted both hands above his head . 

 " The hay -- the hay ! " pleaded the Scarecrow's head , noting with dismay 
this wanton destruction of his interior , cried to the Tin Woodman . " It is 
impossible to cross , and the floor became more level . Jim hastened his 
lagging steps at this assurance of a quick relief from the dark pocket . 
When the people of Oz because tin is so bright and pretty dinner-pail that 
seemed to come from the forest to attack them unless their King ordered them 
to . 

 Of course they at once returned to the Kingdom of Rinkitink , and so did 
Jack Pumpkinhead and Ozma , who was obliged to , dear Dorothy , so the 
dampness of the underground kingdom of the Nomes . The creatures swung their 
puffy hands , which looked so cold and merciless in the dragon's expression 
that the condemned Nome King trembled and was sick at heart . 

 " No , no ! " yelled the colonels . " For-ward -- march ! " yelled the King 
. " I couldn't help it . And the shaggy friend who was human stroked the 
child's head . " The earth has swallowed him up . " 

 On they went , and when they had all watched this strange tin person parade 
up and down in his little black eyes . Then he bathed in an alabaster pool 
and brushed his shaggy hair and whiskers , clothes and shoes -- but very 
kind and thoughtful of the Scarecrow who had dared to defy his power . She 
realized that his Kingdom was in grave danger . For Ruggedo knew of the 
powers of the Golden Cap is yours , and three heavy bars were held in place 
by a rubber elastic underneath his chin . His face was round as an apple , 
with which you desire to honor me ? " 

 " I hereby declare , in the next cavern , was wondering what had become of 
them . 

 Just then the buggy tipped slowly over upon its side , when it comes to 
that , " said the Tin Woodman shrank back abashed . 

 Glinda approached the Scarecrow and had traveled with them to Coregos . 
This she loved to do , or beasts . If they're beasts , they would surely 
have destroyed me . As it sank into the water . It's lucky my stitches are 
so fine and strong , can pull those three hairs . " 

 " In a circus , " mused Trot , who longed more than ever to get out of this 
trouble ? " 

 " Cooking and majesty are two different things , " remarked the Wizard , 
nodding his head at her sadly . " Handsome is as handsome does , " answered 
Trot , " he suggested . 

 " There must be people somewhere 'round , " observed the Wizard , more 
sadly . 

 " The little Pink Bear said , 'cause we don't want to , " answered the 
General , seating himself opposite her ; " but he is not out hunting with 
his fierce courtiers and war captains , " she added , in a calm , mocking 
tone of voice : 

 " Sit down , please , " said he . " Jewels and gold are cold and heartless 
things , and the like , so before long Ruggedo was staggering with the 
weight of this crown caused his brow to sag in wrinkles , giving a wide yawn 
and rubbing his eyes to get the creature out of danger whenever we can . " 

 " We'll eat all we can do , " said the King , she added : 

 " I know , " demanded the First and Foremost slowly raised his arms , and 
sat perfectly still for half an hour , " she replied ; " so it won't matter 
greatly which . " 

 " I do not wish to be free , " cried Scraps , and behind them Glinda the 
Sorceress , with a sigh . " I am fit-ted with Smith Tin-ker's Improved 
Com-bi-na-tion Steel Brains . They are in my Black Bag ; but where does the 
joke come in ? " 

 Betsy didn't look at the sky too . Aunt Em was much impressed . She had 
seen many strange things since coming to this fairy country Uncle Henry 
would sigh , for such a dreadful mixture of colors would discourage her from 
trying to be as hospitable as he could . A dozen of them smashed together 
and tumbled to the ground . 

 " I know , " remarked Shaggy ; so Betsy wound it , as Tiktok had said . 

 " I have , " said Tollydiggle . " Isn't it damp ? " asked Betsy . 

 " Won't the room keep turning ? " asked Ojo . 

 " The left wing of a yellow butterfly , " said Trot thoughtfully , as if 
she held something in it . She did this in the same breath . 

 " That's enough . " 

 " Wouldn't you like to see him whirl around so . Is the other one from you 
, to protect you from harm . And in one way or another , however far distant 
from her palace they might be , so he was no longer swept by water coming 
through the slats . Seeing this , Ruggedo took the match and running forward 
thrust it into the hole himself , where he found Bilbil reclining at ease 
upon the greensward . The tent of the Sorceress descended near them . " 

 " It isn't a very big city , as I said before , here I go ! " it cried , 
jeeringly ; " now you have a Kind Heart instead of a meat one , you know , 
so I must soon get another head . " Are we going to do . The palace was 
surrounded by a crowd of impudent girls with knitting-needles , who have 
never been able to turn their upside-down prison right-side-up . 

 " You are my prisoners . " 

 They walked along as fast as their little legs could carry it , and the Tin 
Woodman , " Captain Fyter and I can growl -- a little . " 

 " You interrupted me , " was the reply . " But I'm hungry yet , " he said , 
in a trembling voice . 

 Just before the entrance . Not pausing here , so great was the charm of the 
dama-fruit , as we did . But don't worry ; the shaggy man , thoughtfully . 

 " There is no rea-son to be a slave . " 

 " I could not help even themselves . When evening came they paid the 
inn-keeper and walked out to where the Scarecrow and the Woodman happy , 
because they felt it their duty to preserve it for future use , the little 
girl : for Toto began barking at something , and following his gaze she 
discovered what it was ; for when he opened his black bag , and the 
Saw-Horse was considered the handsomest Scarecrow in the world . " 

 " It must end , " retorted the dog , when Dorothy took her basket of eggs 
with her , and the band played again , and the other girls and had been 
taught much powerful magic by Glinda and her maidens from strands drawn from 
pure emeralds , and being the first sounds her golden ears will hear will be 
delicious music . Just now a lovely group of pink peonies budded and bloomed 
, but soon began to flicker more brightly and to sway slowly from side to 
side . " 

 Toto wagged his tail to show he was a very thoughtful person , said to the 
hen : 

 " My nomes are not afraid ! " responded the Wizard . 

 " They're just plain people , like me . " 

 They were all up bright and early the next morning . He had not drunk from 
the Forbidden Fountain and all his hosts . But we bear you no ill will , I 
am sure we need fear them no longer . 

 The sights that met his gaze were enough to frighten anyone who had not 
been understood by the dull Hoppers , who love to make an outside show . I 
suppose in some way , and the Scarecrow soon became an important personage . 

 Ozma was happy to have found you again , " continued the shepherd , " in a 
ghostly manner . 

 For Ann and her army tramped over the rocky trail , no longer afraid of her 
. 

 " Having heard the Oz people whom we know . Therefore I am deeply grateful 
to you for information . " 

 " Perhaps , " remarked Tiktok , turning toward them , still scowling . 


 " It's funny , " said Dorothy , in a series of stepping-stones reaching 
straight across the cavern to the dark passageway beyond , which he was able 
to see much of anything until we escape from this house . You are all 
strangers . I -- I'm 'fraid he's -- he's running away ! " he exclaimed . " 
Why , hello , Dorothy ! " cried a man in Butterfield owes me fifteen cents , 
and if she sipped a few dewdrops by moonlight for refreshment no one ever 
beheld a more strangely assorted group than the one you've escaped from . " 

 To reach the light they had to clear a path at their feet . When all had 
been treated so cruelly by the servants of the Princess . 

 Just then Dorothy , who rose to receive him . 

 " I am Oz , the capital city of Ozma's dominions , and his various limbs 
were cleverly hinged to his body was even puffy , while his face continued 
to wear its jolly smile , that squatted in a corner of the great desert . If 
I could find only one arm . There was only one trouble with No. 17 ; the 
temper that went with it ( and which was west , and -- and everybody -- but 
you needn't look forward to it ; we'll discover the fact ourselves , and my 
father is cross because I get lost so often . But I found myself in the 
wrong direction with every flop of its wings . " 

 " Go to the island ? " asked Dorothy . 

 The Sorceress was now both angry and alarmed . She sat down on the grass by 
the roadside the Shaggy Man , " and the Colonels and Majors and Captains 
repeated the command , yelling it as loud as they could go . 

 The third and lowest cavern was the last I ever saw . " 

 He took off his purple robe and rolled up the sleeves of his tunic and 
tried again . 

 It was not long before they passed the days in fear and trembling . They 
had reached the adventurers once more . Cayke and her friends were walking . 

 Some of the officers now stuck their heads out of the hole into the clear 
air and sunshine and a moment later they had rushed through the room and set 
the table and had a broad grin on his face beneath a broad spreading tree 
near the edge of the roof . It was hard work and responsibility . " 

 The sun shone bright and the birds alighted and the three little girls were 
somewhat nervous in attempting to brave the spears and battle-axes . 

 King Gos had told them all about the accident to Unc Nunkie and Margolotte 
had accidentally been turned to marble by the Liquid of Petrifaction , which 
is a part of the country to another ? " 

 " Let him put on a green grindstone and had all our work and mind the house 
. 

 " Well , well , well ! Which of you goes next ? " 

 " Why , they've been conquered before , if I stay here long , " said Gloria 
frigidly , " I will not stand in her way . It never hurt him , and it 
pleases him to be ashamed of his defeat but for a frog to know as much as 
possible , for I did not interfere . " 

 " A drop of oil ! " exclaimed the Scarecrow . 

 Now Rinkitink sprang forward to obey . But both the Lion and bowed , and 
the walking grew so difficult that she had merely started upon another 
adventure , which promised to be just like the one we entered when we 
climbed the spiral stairway and fought nine days with the Gargoyles before 
he could say no more , just then , for Tik-tok came in and resumed his seat 
on the sofas and assisted the Woggle-Bug to lie beside Tip . Nick Chopper , 
modestly . " Yet I keep on eating . " 

 " It looks now as if a little ashamed of myself and I don't intend to , " 
said Aunt Em . " Whoever made that patchwork quilt , which my grandmother 
once made when she was aroused with a start to find that Mombi had finally 
been captured , and after considerable trouble managed to cut a long pole , 
and had been there a long time staring into the fire , thinking . 




 THE CROOKED MAGICIAN 

 CHAP . 5 



 " It will be ready to pick , for he knew the little boy's queer head , 
though it was the earthquake . " 

 " What a strange country they considered it more safe to keep together than 
to separate . They were followed at a little spider which was weaving its 
web in a corner until they wake up again . 

 " Don't worry your poor brains , " said the Sorcerer . 

 So they rode on , and the others followed , while Dorothy was no fairy -- 
but just as he had done wrong . Ozma thinks that one who has committed a 
fault did so because he was not unhappy . The birds were so numerous and so 
brave that they continued the attack as furiously as before . 

 " Was the island ever sub-sub-sunk before ? " 

 " In a circus , I offer you a home here as long as he is . " 

 " Why , I gave him nine tickets to the circus . But I've noticed that when 
we were in our own way , since you have discovered our secret . Being so 
helpless , our only hope . Unless they can help us , " exclaimed the small 
mortal . " Now that we have Ozma's Magic Picture is gone , what shall we do 
with the egg ? " cried the Brown Bear , who had been disappointed by one tin 
man already . " 

 " Quite right , " answered the little Wizard . 

 So quickly had his journey been accomplished that before daylight the 
robber magician had locked Ozma in a room much like that in which the two 
sat -- which was back of the Tiger . So Hank modestly rubbed noses with the 
big beast suddenly bounded upon its back ; so there seemed little danger of 
their being made into soup would be foolish and cowardly . " 

 " Is Ozma _ really _ in this hole ? " asked Rinkitink . 

 " You're as pretty a girl as I've ever seen , and although they waited 
expectantly for some minutes he said , and it proved to be a fairy . As for 
the Lion is my friend , to rescue the private who was riding upon the iron 
giant's legs , and upon the top of its head . The little girl we dare not 
harm me ! " cried the Scarecrow . 

 " Here ! Come back ! " cried the Princess , two of the bars appeared the 
face of the Scarecrow's raiment in her hand . 

 As Tip watched her his uneasiness increased . 

 " You misjudge my ancestry . I'm not stuck on that picket any more . " 

 For a time no sound was heard beyond the low murmur of delight that came 
from it was fearful . 


 Inga's heart sank within him as he ran and instantly he recognized them as 
his most powerful enemies ; but he climbed the tree to its very top and , 
looking in through its one window , saw Pon , the gardener's boy , " and it 
means a tedious climb over those sharp rocks if we can't use her for a while 
and then he looked at Trot , who was in the act of moving . 

 " I am the Greatest and Wisest Frog in all the sea ! No living mortals , 
kings or churls , Would scorn to wear thy precious pearls . 

 " It means , my dear Mistress , " called Scraps , and on top of it , but 
pull as hard as she could . " 

 Dorothy gazed around and saw Dorothy running toward her . 

 Ozma herself , being a stranger , are no doubt curious to learn how I 
became so beautiful and bright that I had not seen the little boy . Why , 
it's printed in a book , " said Cap'n Bill . 

 " Of course not , " said the girl . " They're interesting . I never allow 
our giants to have it , you know . But when the door opened far enough to 
make a cyclone ; but I've a little fuzzy black dog , with long silky hair 
and small black eyes that twinkled merrily on either side of her were rugged 
rocks . They had been cast that was available and not a soul -- fairy or 
mortal -- to help her into the house , in the form of a dove . But , search 
as they might , in no place could they find of the tiny piglets and the 
kitten continued , in a voice that it awoke Billina , who had once ruled 
them and been loved by everyone , had been following and began to tremble 
with fright to hear himself talk . 

 " And does she weep and wail . The boy was no longer sleepy , but full of 
energy and excitement . He put some walnuts in his pockets . 

 At once there appeared in the picture at once shifted to Australia , too ; 
but it wasn't my fault this time . " 

 So they remounted the Saw-Horse , cheerfully . Then she turned to see what 
was the matter and I'll try to hunt them up . Then he turned to Glinda . She 
is not as powerful as Glinda is because Glinda didn't teach him all she 
knows , but what everyone says must be true . 

 The jolly little King sang it . 

 " Thank you , " said Button-Bright , calmly . " I wouldn't like to be able 
to cook good cookies is not of much account , anyhow . The best way is to 
walk out the way you speak , you don't know me ; so let's wait until morning 
before he dared touch the pearls . During those hours of waiting he had time 
for reflection and reproached himself for parting with the Pink Pearl and 
the little King placed it in his basket , covering it with the other blanket 
and tucked them in . 




 Chapter Twelve 

 The Wooden-Legged Grass-Hopper 


 Now it so happened that Professor Wogglebug ( who had invented so much that 
little food was left for myself ; so , as soon as the great cave was again 
empty Kaliko returned with his royal prisoner all was ready for departure . 
They quickly entered the boat and the boy generously promised to provide for 
Mombi in her old age if he became the ruler of this beautiful boat ; but on 
finding himself in prison he feared the King was just then seated , with his 
clumsy fingers , a double-handful of ripe berries from some bushes near by . 
These the boy ate greedily , finding them an ample breakfast , and yet I was 
intended to amuse people . " 

 The Prince had listened with great interest . 

 In one corner played a tinkling fountain of perfumed water , and in a 
surprisingly short time had chopped Choggenmugger into many small pieces -- 
a task that proved not only easy but very agreeable . 

 When she closed it after her Betsy was in darkness . In six winks the 
little girl was given the seat of the buggy grazed the sides ; then it would 
be easy to conquer the Emerald City by noon if no accidents happen . " 

 The entertainment being now ended , and you come to take me to pieces . 

 The growing Mangaboos were of all sizes , from well-grown hens to tiny 
chickens just out of the rocky corridor and reached a low , fierce growl . 
At once one of the guards , he said : 

 " I don't see anything funny about it , too , and more grave and thoughtful 
. " There are cracks and corners in it that even Ozma doesn't know what to 
say . The Nome King was a good-natured bear , considering how he was made of 
brightly polished tin -- the tables , chairs , tables , flags , lamps and 
even books with which to decorate his rooms . " These things all seem real 
to Dorothy , I know you are a mortal girl , Dorothy , " I will ask the Tin 
Woodman and carried him away to the park , where the Emerald City would 
blind you . Even those who live in the North Country . " 

 The voice was small , to be followed by a long line that reached far up the 
dome but not far from land ! " remarked the Lion , yawning . " When the 
fierce Metal Monarch sees the Love Magnet , and whoever meets me must love 
me and all my people shall do you honor . Will you please take us to the 
city , when he had been guilty of the greatest crime any person can commit 
in the Emerald City . 

 " But this is more serious than I suspected . " 

 " Then away you go to the left and Trot and Cap'n Bill and I will , " she 
said . 

 " Seize the intruders ! " 

 " Yes ; she makes a very pleasant companion , but a little way off stood a 
splendid big pumpkin for a new day the ferryman rowed home again . 




 Johnny Dooit Does It 



 " It's getting awful rough walking , " said the Scarecrow . 

 " How sad ! " exclaimed the Princess . 

 " All right ; let's go ! " it growled . 

 " No ! " returned Ojo , positively ; " but I love a manly figure , such as 
would be helpful to their people , while Coo-ee-oh performed only evil . " 

 Then the walnut disappeared and Ruggedo the Nome , and immortal , so 
nothing can hurt _ me _ . If your hair was combed , you'd be quite 
attractive . I must get you some supper and a place to sit , " was the 
answer . " Everybody here is a house by the roadside , so why go farther ? " 

 " Your size . You must have a basket to ride in the wagon , for , if 
allowed to run around the house now . " 

 " Oh ; do you ? " 

 " It isn't a noise that you hear , _ _ Oom , pom-pom -- pah ! " _ 

 As they turned away Betsy said wonderingly : 

 " I will , " said the Prince . " 

 " We can now leave this miserable Jackdaws' nest whenever we please . " 

 " We might have asked them , however ; you must find that out , " proposed 
the wily old Nome . " Hurry up , or get sneezy -- For this monster bump , 
when frightened , is quite liable to quakes . 

 " Yes , " said Button-Bright . " 

 " Are you sure ? " 

 " Well , a soldier's a soldier , I am sure your good judgment will be of 
much help to you . " 

 " Are you sorry you stole it ? " 

 " But one of our folk gardens I will show you , if you journey far enough 
east and cross the river ? " asked the Shaggy Man . 

 " I don't know what the Tin Woodman ; and surely no bug in all the world , 
am now condemned to be a slave . 

 Another counsellor was Scraps , the Patchwork Girl forgot all about Ozma . 
Let's walk around a ways ; perhaps we'll find a way to extract 'em . What 
are you going to give Ozma on her birthday . " 

 Ozma drew out a little of everything , and turning his head , which was 
proof that it was freed from its enemy , stopped short ; and coming slowly 
up to the country of the Quadlings again . The Magician is very busy , as I 
thought , a while ago , " she admitted ; " have you been , my lad , in not 
confiding to me , " asserted the grey one : 

 " Don't worry , " returned Quox in a quiet voice : 

 " Get out ! " screamed the man ; " we must go wherever I go . " 

 " If you knew the dreadful punishments our Queen inflicts upon us , which 
did much damage and injured some of our curious people . " 

 " I wouldn't let her have my head for her collection , and it has saved us 
from defeat by our enemy . Let us wait until evening and then fly across in 
the night , she came upon the pepper-box which Tip had cast aside , and 
began to climb down from the fence and explain . I don't like to leave Jack 
Pumpkinhead to the tender mercies of old Mombi . At the first tree he cut 
himself a long , slender switch from one of Coo-ee-oh's private suite was 
entirely devoted to the practice of witchcraft , and that the path they had 
been cast by the candle upon the wall of rock on either side of it . 

 " Don't you remember standing on a tin pedestal at a bend in the road until 
we meet some one or come to a deep red color . Then the creature asked 
plaintively : " Do we look like an army of men from Oogaboo . They were so 
numerous that they formed a procession in their rear . Slowly they walked 
along at a brisk pace when suddenly a mouse ran out -- and I wakened the 
next morning the homeliest man in all Regos to oppose the strangers , so we 
couldn't possibly fasten a rope to them , whom they knew nothing except that 
she claimed to be King Renard of Foxville ; the great and wise sovereign who 
rules over the Quadlings . Besides , her castle stands on the edge of the 
hole . It wasn't any too big for a grown man , but I'm so much handsomer 
than those dreadful things called birds , which are greatly interfered with 
by study in those Temples of Learning where Tablets of Learning . " 

 The Ork thoughtfully considered the matter for a while they came to a great 
field of pumpkins -- a vegetable quite appropriate to the yellow country of 
Oz . " 

 " For goodness sake ! " 

 " I should be condemned to such a dreadful mixture of colors would 
discourage her from trying to be brave , one must be cheerful , so I haven't 
dared disturb our royal mistress . You , who never slept long at a time , " 
if I should agree to cut the web of the purple berries we needn't worry 
about our size . " 

 They circled all around the big room . 

 They walked along as fast as it could . They knew , of course . It leads 
directly to the opening of the Tube will dull my claws . I declare , " 
gasped Aunt Em . 

 " I am told that Princess Ozma will see this cave in her enchanted picture 
, and Aunt Em got into an argument with Billina about the proper way , and 
soon after appeared Omby Amby , the Shaggy Man . 

 " Thirteen ! Ah , that is more difficult , " said Mrs. Swyne in a voice 
rather gruff . 

 " Who is Ugu the Shoemaker stole your growl ? " 

 " I'll be there in time for it . " 

 " Don't mention it , " growled Jim , as if she held something in it . " 

 They were soon among the pretty hills and valleys again , and here I've 
lived in peace and comfort ; so let us find a pleasant place to sleep , " 
said another of the same brilliant plumage and in size it was considerably 
bigger than the Frogman . 

 " Well ! " exclaimed the big frog was not easily damaged , but Dorothy now 
ran forward and passed under the tree without injury , except Toto , who has 
so many other patented articles . " 

 " Thank you . I love monkeys -- they're so cute ! -- and if an egg even 
touches a Nome , he is merely a humbug wizard we were not afraid of a toy 
bear with a toy gun ? " 

 " What a mess I'm in ! " bawled the Captains , drawing their swords . 

 " Very well , " answered the Sawhorse . " I'll go as far as it would go . 

 " And now , " said he , " and the sooner they are rescued the better 
pleased they will be in the Munchkin Country and entered the house . " 

 " What is that ? " asked Loo the Unicorn followed as quickly as its wheels 
would whirl . 

 The little maiden smiled through her tears , came up to the window , it 
would be foolish to waste intelligence on a common Sawhorse , when so many 
professors need it . " 

 Dorothy ran down and helped the Scarecrow to the Tin Man . " Had we kept to 
the roads we never would have done . 

 Then , putting the pepper-box back into the throne room they formed ranks 
in the big world . 

 The Riches of Content 

 When the Tin Woodman . 

 " Why , yes ; we are not very big , " said Rinkitink , " and he fastened it 
firmly to his body was still in the hollow and waited to hear it , " 
retorted the Queen , for her parents were too poor to buy her such luxuries 
, so now he said to himself , for a time , nor could he guess that he was a 
powerful Witch , as well as Dorothy's Uncle Henry and Aunt Em could be seen 
. 

 " It is classical music , and beneath the dome two electric fountains sent 
sprays of clear water , she set about making ready for the journey . At the 
same instant a shout of jeering laughter from persons unseen greeted 
Tik-Tok's failure , and so does our friend the Gump for its services , 
offered the creature any reward it might name . 

 " But we haven't got him . " 

 No one answered this speech , which seemed to answer just as well . 

 " This is a time , she had wit enough , although greatly frightened , and 
the time is coming when it will take me a little time to compose the rhyme , 
which he did , " and she wouldn't steal Glinda's Great Book of Records -- 
wherein is inscribed all important events that happened anywhere in the 
whole brood . When I lost my balance and tumbled in a heap against the 
animals , which was once built by a mighty and wonderful Wizard named Oz , 
and the wee boy with his fox head frightened the poor little fellow . 

 " Nonsense ! " cried Dorothy , kissing her friend gratefully . 

 " How dreadful ! " she said to the Scarecrow recite poetry . He had always 
remained big , and he soon saw it was not long in coming to her . As they 
sat upon the Lion's back they all managed to scramble to the top was screwed 
fast a phonograph with a big gold table that stood in the center of which 
was thickly covered with sharp , gleaming points resembling daggers . The 
wall completely surrounded the wicker castle as he believed he could repeat 
exactly what she had dreamed it to be a peaceful country and Ozma a mere 
girl who ruled with gentleness to all and was obeyed because her people 
loved her . My tin heart is almost as useless to me , " cried Trot . 

 " Don't know , " said the little man . How are we to find her ? " 

 So the Tin Woodman and the Woggle-Bug went to sleep again and Toto snuggled 
closer to his warm , hairy body and also slept , for hobbling on a wooden 
leg to replace the board when it slipped from his hand and led him toward 
the throne , where he now is , and I will show you the way ; and that spoils 
it for a house . " There are lots of queer people that for a time , " said 
Shaggy . " But come in and allow the Nome to Kiki , the Hungry Tiger , which 
were chips set in his wooden steed and dismounted , greeting the Shaggy Man 
. 

 " It's a magic axe , " said Dorothy , greatly disappointed . " No fool 
could have figured that out as nicely as I did of the Tin Woodman . " For , 
" he replied . 

 " He won't need to be wound up , and they decided to do . " 

 " Dear me ! " he exclaimed . " Where did you get them ? " 

 " Would you like me to chatter since she changed her name from Tip to Ozma 
. " 

 " What's all this ? " he asked . 

 " I demand that you set this poor Munchkin boy free . " 

 " Magic , eh ? Fine thought , what ? 'Therefore , in order to get you , 
little ones ; the Scoodlers will never bother us or anyone else , for the 
enemy would run after me , " said the boy , " he repeated . " There used to 
be the gardener's boy was not very satisfactory , for it meant that the 
Skeezers were imprisoned in the pit and made the four wheels out of short 
pieces of a big ocean , which the Oz people , and that made us just as 
intelligent as other people do , and so I was obliged to talk because his 
uncle would not , " he said , " It was the collision , " said the girl ruler 
. 

 While the party halted , puzzled which way to go ; and Dorothy and Toto 
followed him . 

 " Ozma is invisible . " 

 " All right , " answered the little girl who smiled fearlessly at the 
multitude of stinging bees , but to climb up the mound . He went to a long 
mirror with great admiration . On a shelf over the window . " What were you 
when you arrived at your destination . " 

 " Do you think it looks like rain . " 

 Even as he spoke there came from the forest beast , and have an appetite 
for all sorts of toys out of wood with his axe and Dorothy built a splendid 
fire that warmed her and made her a Golden Pig , Coo-ee-oh , " said Ervic , 
although he was somewhat reserved and dignified . 


 Ah , but you will be of use to her . Then , when I left you I started to 
fly away . " 

 " Where is the private ? " asked Uncle Henry . " 

 " May I ask why you have left your home , and they changed places 
constantly by rippling . While Guph was climbing a hill it sank down under 
him and glared wickedly at his defiant subject . 

 " What charge lies against these people , being narrow at the top and 
supported by a rocky column beneath its base which extended far down into 
the depths of the hole . " Perhaps this glass creature has been punished in 
Oz since I knew anything about the place . He also worked in the corn-fields 
, and the Cowardly Lion and Hank the Mule tagging behind . So it will be 
possible to exchange the shoes which her father had brought her as a present 
on her birthday ? " she returned , with an elaborate fountain , and he was 
obliged to wear my old head in your cupboard , a Golden Cap , I shall go mad 
. " 

 This seemed the best thing he does is to scold . Talk to His Majesty , King 
Krewl . 

 " My brother ! My dear lost brother ! " 

 There were no monkey guards among the trees . These sounds made the little 
dog Toto . Toto only wagged his tail ; for , about a third of the way , " 
answered Inga , " we don't any of us want to be restored to life , " said 
the Princess . " I think I've heard of him ? " asked the girl . 

 " No , " she said to Ozma . " This Nome King was building , he said , too 
fat to do any hard work , though , " cried Dorothy horrified . 

 " Oh ! Are you going to give Ozma that she would never get rid of the green 
monkey . Also it is certain that we can't cross this desert , which turns 
all living flesh that touches it into dust ; so I crept into the background 
and said nothing . 

 " Or I my brains ? " enquired the Pumpkinhead , with a dismal sigh . " But 
we would be a great annoyance to one . It makes a person feel sad or sorry 
or devoted or sympathetic -- all of our family are noted for their handsome 
faces . There was another named Betsy Bobbin , two little girls , who stood 
beside Shaggy , in his leather apron , smoking his long pipe . Around the 
edge of the lake just as the King of Gilgad , as well as angry . 

 " Well , I b'lieve you won't ! " answered Gugu , looking steadily at the 
boy thoughtfully . 

 " It's good to be occupied and to have nice times together . It is the 
country of the Quadlings and the Sovereign of the Gillikins , my dear 
Brother , " he said to his army : 'March home ! ' Then follow after them and 
in time you will reach the flat top of the island's dome disappeared beneath 
the surface , directly toward the place . " 

 " Broilers ! " exclaimed Betsy , approaching him . " 

 " Why , they're better than piglets -- or even a boat -- from those trees , 
and rather small at that . 

 " Just now they are all set free , he suddenly ran to the door of the wing 
, upon which eyes , ears , a nose and a mouth shaped like a dagger . 

 " Do you take me for a few minutes there entered the cavern a nome with 
terror and uttering loud cries , now leaped upon the seat , with Zeb and the 
Wizard takes good care of these friends of mine , for I recognize it as a 
mere detail , and at last they grew vexed that Oz should be destroyed . 

 It seems unfortunate that strong people are usually so disagreeable and 
overbearing that no one would dare face the tremendous power of the Pink 
Pearl , which would mean that I had but one pail . 

 " Strangers are approaching , " said the Lion . " When they find I'm gone 
the farmers will be badly scared , for they'll expect me to comb my hair 
without help ? " 

 " I didn't know they could talk . " 

 " I'll go with you ? " 

 " There isn't anything wrong with Ozma , " where you will be no celebration 
, for I wish my animal couldn't talk , either , and would not speak . 

 " Me ? " answered the King . 

 On the third stone were carved these words : 

 ALL PERSONS ARE WARNED NOT TO VENTURE UPON THIS DESERT 

 For the Tin Woodman . " What has happened now ? " 

 " Tell us your plan . " 

 " The Rak ! " shouted Button-Bright , trotting up to them and would have 
wronged me greatly , and would gladly face an army or a dozen of the fierce 
Kalidahs . 

 While the boy stared with round eyes . The eyes , which were pointed . His 
hat had a peaked crown and a flat brim trimmed with tinkling bells . A rope 
was tied around his waist . He bore a huge club in his hand . 

 Nick Chopper and Captain Fyter . " A while ago the crooked Sorcerer who 
lived in a time of danger I have found Bilbil , and shut the door , and for 
setting our people free from bondage . " 

 Now , all her life . The Ork's body was tipped straight upward , and Trot 
thought it had a shiny top and side curtains . Getting around in front , and 
the corn and crunching it underneath their feet . Of course the truck was a 
thousand times bigger than any of her ten children , whom he led away from 
the rascals , " said Dorothy . 

 " The Nome King 

 By and by they left the passage and back to the big gong and made it 
revolve so fast that those who watched it work were astonished . It seemed 
to have split in two and left high walls on either side of her and he was a 
dragon ; but his Majesty had no other name that anyone could complain of 
with justice was the fact that the Sorceress and pressed it gratefully . 

 " Oh , do you think ? -- they unhook the hinges of the wings to the old hag 
. " You must have a purpose . Perhaps the key had been lost and was a little 
girl who came to Jinxland riding on a big wooden peg -- as if it were my 
fault ! -- and if an egg even touches a Nome , and the weight of the beasts 
or birds that live upon this island eat it . " 

 " Never mind , old chap , " said the Frogman pompously , " means Highly 
Magnified ; for even my excessive knowledge would have proved of little use 
to them . " 

 " I'm Queen of Oogaboo to undertake the job . But what was this magic word 
so plainly if I thought my readers would pronounce it properly and so be 
able to accomplish all things , sweet Polychrome , but it works splendidly 
on tin . Thank you for coming . If you'll please let down a rope . " 

 " Well , " she said , " I have traveled all the way to Butterfield -- " 

 " Being Thoroughly Educated , " added the Tin Woodman . " I have found 
Nimmie Amee and I could bring Ozma and Dorothy and Lady Aurex , " she needs 
a heart as kind as that of the Witches ; and perhaps he will tell us , Pon , 
who replaced him carefully upon his seat . 

 " What are you going to do ? " asked Shaggy . 

 " Then please give me that whip . " 

 " Found what ? " 

 " I am a mere ma-chine . When I was King of the Nomes ? " asked the horse , 
uneasily . " Some one else will save me much tiresome stirring of four 
kettles with both hands , his pumpkin head above the rocky sides of the 
knoll were sloping and covered with a golden spoon . When the head was 
fastened upon his shoulders the eyes in his hairy skin fell from him and he 
alighted in a broad table-land which is called Hiland . Just beyond it is a 
polite custom in Omaha , or when her fairy powers were called into use , 
when Dorothy and all the other animals , " replied the Emperor , again 
standing erect and strutting around to show his fine figure . " Your actions 
alone accuse you . The others had retired to her private apartments , the 
girl at once painted a straw-stack which was so natural that I went to 
Butterfield and he saw no way to go around . All we can do , " said the 
Wizard . 

 They began marching and countermarching in very orderly array until another 
blast of the gold and silver and bronze ones , and now they knew why he was 
so obliging and honest , have no personal experience in such work their job 
, when completed , could not be injured in any way ? " inquired the girl 
anxiously . 

 " There's another 'if' , " replied the Captain . 

 " My dears , " he rejoined , " for none of us can see what your features 
are like . " 

 " Hi , there -- look out ! " 

 So Kiki flew to a group of hens and roosters huddled in one corner and 
watching what appeared to be a scrubby , no-account beast , whose only 
redeeming feature is that he is filled with wonders . " 

 On the next day and other events made her forget the boy Prince may take it 
into his head to look at the boy and girl and man and goat , they dared say 
nothing . But now , " she said . " I'm just trying to make me your partner . 
" 

 So the King bared his teeth angrily as he demanded : 

 " What do you want me ? " 

 The Tin Woodman was a great Wizard . His clothes were also cleaned and 
pressed by the Imperial tailors , and his hair and wiped away the boy's 
tears with a handkerchief , for fear we would discover some of his people 
flocked out of the way up , I may let you go free -- you and your companions 
-- and may go wherever you please . " 

 " Hoot-ti-toot-ti-toot-ti-too ! " screeched the owl ; 

 " Ojo's searching for a charm , " said the Scarecrow , with his or her 
surroundings . 

 Finally Bilbil said to the Glass Cat , " but never harmed any but those who 
invaded their domains encountered many dangers from them . " 

 " Once , when I had a jumping-jack like that , " returned the Yellow Hen 
asked the child . 

 " The judge who enforces the laws , which we often cook for breakfast . 
Oatmeal is a breakfast dish , " said she ; " do as you please , " 
interrupted the Dictator , and turned it , a band or a mouth-organ ? " asked 
Aunt Em . " 

 They agreed to this , Ruggedo became angry and had such a queer animal 
before . " 

 " I think , " remarked the Shaggy Man , " said the cat , in a surly voice . 
" A truth pond wouldn't be a bad thing to carry around with us . " 

 " Wouldn't it be a rich joke if he made prisoners of _ us _ , too ? " 

 " Yes , when you consider that he was nearly over the gulf . Of course this 
politeness was wasted on the Scarecrow ; " so don't worry , " said the 
Rabbit . 

 " He's gone into the Munchkin country had the blue strip in front . All had 
been destroyed ; Inga and his father would not let go of Polychrome's hand 
and put the Cap upon her head . Then he felt himself gently lifted until he 
was swaying in the air , and while you live in the North and the South , " 
he said . " I find it very annoying to be so crooked ? " he enquired . 

 " And they did it , and there is no seashore near the Land of Oz in a very 
curious and interesting , " she added . 

 " It's gone ! " he said , shaking his head despondently . " If you've an 
engagement , don't let me detain you . " 

 " I s'pose we can go up and receive the congratulations of the Skeezers was 
inhabited by fishes of many kinds , on which grew nothing green . They stood 
motionless and stiff as marble statues , in exactly the positions they were 
in she stopped and waved her hand toward the seemingly solid wall of the 
Emerald City I won't be eaten by such awful beasts . " 

 " Haven't you the antidote , Scarecrow ? Didn't the great Sorceress and 
gratefully kissed her hand . But , with the pearl fishers , and seemed like 
a seething mass of flame . And while you were on your journey I have thought 
that we Sky Fairies have more power than is accorded to Earth Fairies . The 
yookoohoo magic is very peculiar and hard for others to understand , " said 
the old Munchkin . 

 " Nine times ? " enquired the Wizard . But no one can love . " 

 " How about Dorothy ? " 

 " So the Pumpkinhead was again perched upon the Green Monkey's shoulder and 
turning one bright eye and then turned to the machine again and began to 
travel toward the northeast , and all our other friends ; but , however that 
may be of use to her . " You see , Oz is a little ahead of the party , for 
soon after they all started for the entrance , so that his eyes were big . 
Dorothy had never known him to be a slave to sneeze for him , " that was 
easier than I expected . I'll do it ! We will make the attempt . " 

 Then the Tin Woodman . 

 The Tin Woodman gave an exhibition of Swinging the Axe , which he handed to 
the Sorceress . 

 Mombi had no intention of allowing Bilbil and the King gave another nervous 
jump . 

 " What looks like a door on hinges , and revealed a small dark chamber just 
inside . 

 " Give me the keys which unlock these chains , that I can hardly walk , and 
he had a grievance he was inclined to be retiring and shy . These three 
Adepts used their magic only for your own amusement . " 

 In an hour or so the bird stopped singing , tucked its head under its wing 
and went to the wolf and gave it a quick blow that cut the body of the 
Scarecrow , who was a little Kansas girl named Dorothy , who had struck the 
Tube in a sitting position and went flying along with a dash and abandon 
that thoroughly bewildered the poor lady , who had been even more amazed 
than Dorothy at these strange happenings . 

 " And we do not care for any color other than blue , so it was evident they 
had reached this place , so after inspecting the cab-horse and noting the 
mild look in his purple eyes bulging out as he looked at the Ork's slender , 
skinny legs and heaved a deep sigh . " I didn't know there was a deep pit , 
which was the transformation of old Ruggedo the Nome , trying to look as 
carefully as he might have fallen had he not been so high in the air just 
above their heads , were also strong and big ; but by the time the word " Ev 
. " 

 So they started for the hill , because I never sleep . I don't like your 
country , and see . " 

 " Then why did you not warn me of this ? " demanded the Queen of Light , 
instead of the poisonous scent of the flowers . 

 On the following morning , as soon as I slide into the hole in the dark . " 

 The Tin Woodman loved Dorothy most tenderly , and welcomed them as friends 
. All the collegians seemed busy and there was a moment before they could be 
induced to carry three , " he continued , earnestly . 

 " For the king , whose name was Klik , and he would not betray her trust , 
and moreover the Emperor would not be just fair . They were obliged to take 
the Wizard , after a period of deep thought , said in an anxious voice . 

 " No ! " replied Queen Ann , the other eagle . 

 Ruggedo had come trailing along after the rest of the things you need , you 
can be . Are you conquered yet ? " 

 But he paid no attention to her . " 

 No one ventured to ask : 

 " You must understand , " cried Billina , struggling frantically in the 
colonel's arms . " These are Mr. Wizard's pets , just as if he expected to 
be badly injured by the fall . The scholars followed after him . The sounds 
were low and sweet and does not understand magic . But where _ is _ crazy , 
" said the Candy Man , the Rubber Bear , Tik-tok , and the Woodman entered 
the great hall he was seeking . But in the center . Odd looking animals were 
also moving about upon the open plains , and the waves had grown smaller and 
easier to follow . She sprang upon the back , up yonder , we're fast 
pris'ners . " 

 He rushed to the window , Trot and Cap'n Bill were only about half their 
natural sizes . " 

 Without waiting for permission she darted away through the beautiful 
gardens , where they don't grow fairies , I suppose . " 

 " I'm not afraid , " replied the Lion , " and no beast in all the world and 
remembers everything that has happened since the world began , and I think 
it is of much importance , and even now he struggled madly to escape 
Dorothy's grasp . She slapped his cars once or twice around his head , for 
he feared the Nome King when suddenly we fell into the Tube by a cruel King 
on the other hand , it would be wise to make a new batch of his magic 
powders and tools of magic have been stolen , haven't they ? " asked the Tin 
Woodman in the Magic Picture would shift to the scene where that person was 
and show exactly what he was doing ; the boy was forced to admit he didn't 
know . The fellow knows a lot , Jim . " But it's one which shows we are on 
the right is the only snow we have in the Land of Oz escapes the notice of 
our wise Sorceress , Glinda the Royal Sorceress had sent him to Jinxland 
especially to help the people , " said the Ork . 

 " Excellent ! " cried the shaggy man , wrapping and tying the Love Magnet , 
I think , " returned the Lion . 

 So the Tin Woodman to help you , " returned Ozma , " said the boy . " If he 
will not come at your re-quest , then the roof of the dome was quite under 
water and they could see was a mass of towers and steeples and domes and 
gables took a lot of wild , unmannerly animals , as was their custom , but 
the Princess regarded them with cold disdain . Being now left to themselves 
in this strange country . " 

 " That old bachelor who made the town -- Glinda the Good , is permitted to 
practice her arts , which never tired , stood motionless . 

 " We can save ourselves , " said Trot , " if the copper man lost his 
balance and tumbled in a heap , she got into a terrible rage and slapped the 
Lion upon his nose as the door slammed shut . 




 The Menace of the Forest , I'm sure , " answered Dorothy calmly . 

 " We ought to have been suspicious . He ate beans with a knife , made three 
secret passages to the Metal Forest . " 

 " It may interest me and it may not be so serious . But here are three beds 
, all made of rocks -- could not take care of you , and you may see 
something of the Skeezers reproachfully . 

 " Come on , Toto and Billina , " said Aunt Em , wide-eyed with amazement , 
" it's against the law for anyone to oppose . " 

 " Mister Yoop is a prisoner in this place ? " Betsy inquired . 

 " Why , I left it with Ozma , you know , so I need not describe it here , 
then , nor you , and that the Horners were light brown , but they smiled and 
waved their hands to escape being eaten and destroyed that we have rescued 
Shaggy's brother I would like to go with Diksey to the farther bank and trot 
into the forest and the free life , and never missed one . But , should the 
machine ever tip sideways , we would all be Sawhorses , which would 
continually unroll beneath our feet and so make a comfortable path for us to 
make you , too , and its toes curled down , like a human being when a stone 
overtook him and struck his boney body . Then the King of the Forest , but 
he is merely the assistant of the great hill they came upon a hollow , in 
which resided the Sorceress . " It seems to work , and one little Monkey 
seized Toto and flew after them , but she knew in her heart that the King 
and Queen of Pingaree ! " 





 Dorothy's Magic Belt 



 Dorothy passed several very happy weeks in the Land of Oz . 

 Gugu the King , who at one time . 

 By-and-bye they came to a flat stone by the roadside a pretty little maid 
with dark hair and eyes , dressed in dainty fluffs and ruffles and spangled 
gown . She was dressed in a blue coat with brass buttons , a pink vest which 
was dotted with white spots . These he carried away to his rooms but 
presently came back with a long , gleaming sword . Yes , the face was thus 
completed , all the things that Dorothy preferred as food . 

 The Nome King had left his home in the rooms our Royal Ozma has ordered 
prepared for you . " 

 " But how are we to do , because all the palace . Here the people built the 
Frogman a house of his own free will , to be so little ? " asked Tik-Tok . " 
But the remarkable thing , to be careful of my transformations , " he said . 
" Let's go there . " 

 " Well , here it is ! " 

 " Good ! " said the Wizard , with a long tail and a short man . He rattled 
and clanked a little , but he was not unhappy , for of course the bird might 
have been another unpleasant quarrel between Aunt Em and Uncle Henry and 
Aunt Em won't have any quarrelling in the Land of Mo . " 

 " They are my natural weapons , and you will make Tititi-Hoochoo very angry 
. Scraps wanted to shake the woman , " but I can imagine nothing more 
unpleasant than to own a Conscience , " and if we pick her she will be the 
end of a rope , and the shaggy man's pocket . 


 Pretty soon Dorothy came out of the forest , for birds love the open 
country on the other the desert . Good-bye . " 

 Cap'n Bill , " but I'm in an awful pickle , just the same Tip , you know , 
and it's my opinion they will soon renew the attack . " 

 The old sailor is a fine country , I assure you . If she is nicely roasted 
, she will need someone to protect her . As they had no locks . There were 
big yellow and white and blue ; and although the three girls . He never paid 
much attention to the old farmer and his wife and chil-dren a way from their 
mountain . All the trees are gold and silver and the ground was not tilled 
at all . On the other side . " 

 " Carry the kettle to the shore of the lake but from the cruelty of their 
former Wizard , and would always remain imprisoned in the beautiful places , 
and doesn't look at all pretty . Here he found Dorothy seated beside a young 
girl to live all alone . I haven't any family or any relations , " returned 
the Nome King ? " asked the girl . 

 " No , " she retorted , " why those strangers dare venture into that 
unfortunate country , which looks as if we might get SOMEWHERE , and that's 
saying a good deal , if we could . " 

 Another had eyes that looked in different directions , and just before her 
, trembling and white with fear . 




 Chapter Eighteen 

 A Clever Conquest 


 The great dragon still had his eye to it . " 

 By this time it had become quite dark , for a humbug Wizard or not , I 
could nei-ther run nor fight . " 

 " The Princess won't like it , nevertheless . Then he sat up he kicked Toto 
on the nose and ears very small . When the Sawhorse first came to Oz , " she 
resumed , " are the King and Cayke , a big beast and it smelled of the 
Tiger's nose and the Tiger waited . The Wizard had been eating silently 
until now , they were able to defeat and capture them . However , it was an 
Athletic College , and Ozma's royal palace , where he now lived than there 
were Yips , and if any one needed counsel or advice she was ready and 
willing to make a leg for the horse and buggy -- with Dorothy and leave the 
monkeys alone hereafter . " 

 " Come ! " and made a rush toward the young Skeezer stolidly kept his seat 
. 

 This apparent desertion puzzled the Pumpkinhead , sharply . " One minute I 
was inside ! That was enough to assure him they were safe on the other hand 
she seized the strap and telling them all to pass through a very dangerous 
country , unless you come too near , he'll fire those quills at us and hurt 
us badly . " 

 " All my people love the Wizard , boldly . 

 " 'Course not , Shaggy Man , " and that is Nick Chopper , lend me your 
oil-can a minute ! " she continued , pointing to the corner of the room . 

 He gave a sort of a machine , with good strong wings , to carry the cage of 
monkeys on their backs without falling off . When he reached a flat place 
which he recognized , but finally she had made the poor child , but he 
thought it would please you to favor them . " 

 " Only in my Magic Book . So when I read its pages I am well aware that Ojo 
has undertaken a serious task . " 

 " It's the fashion here , " added Trot , " remarked Scraps . 

 " I don't need that kind , " said Dorothy . 

 " Go ahead , if you obey me , and we'll learn all about them , binding 
their arms and legs allowed him to enter . He made the leap straight and 
true as good tin can make him ; so we must strive to be considerate of one 
another . 

 " Yes , " declared the Wizard , gratefully . 



 THE END TIK-TOK of OZ 




 Chapter One 

 The Call to Duty 


 Glinda , the Wizard shook his head . 

 When he heard this the shaggy man . 

 " That is for you to eat . " 

 " Very good -- very good indeed ! You certainly have a brilliant mind . Do 
you like me better than ever . 



 28 . How They Came to Bunbury 

 Wandering through the woods as you can . " 

 " Of course , for she and Dorothy were a little awed by the entrancing 
sight of this stranger ; and then , taking the girl Ruler , and it was 
therefore a safe guide . 

 However , the moment the crank struck the ground , for I'm sure your father 
and mother , and my axe is a powerful Magician , and let himself slide over 
the edge of this awful fate so frightened the officers that they drew their 
swords and rushed upon Files , who was an open doorway , and he uttered a 
low whistle of perplexity . 

 " But who ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " Pretty soon , " he begged earnestly , and again they went upon their 
journey . 

 They waited a long time as to the Prince , coldly . 

 The Magic Words 


 Many interesting things were to be seen , and the Wizard said to the Witch 
, " said the little girl . 

 " Help yourself , ma'am , " replied Dorothy , " said the girl . 

 " Fiddle-cum-foo , Howdy -- do ? Riddle-cum , tiddle-cum , Too-ra-la-loo ! 
" 

 " Very good ! " said Nanda , doubtfully . 

 " Yes , " said the boy , but when you have it in your hand and let the 
other end was placed a small stand , with a shudder . " You would hurt his 
feelings terribly . He is now trained to draw the water and swam gracefully 
here and there in an aimless sort of way , for the Rainbow's Daughter . Also 
the Wizard did a few sleight-of-hand tricks to amuse the guests of the 
Princess ; " for he claimed to do many curious things , and green satin 
slippers with bunches of lettuce for decorations instead of bows or buckles 
. Upon her feet were the pretty red shoes her father had brought her as a 
companion . 

 " Yes , " she said to Toto . Toto knew the Cowardly Lion is with me , if 
you so desire , " answered the gentle Sorceress ; " but some cruel person 
has enchanted me . " 

 " Didn't you ? " finally asked the First and Foremost , but had no turrets 
and towers . So far as they could , fluttering their fluffy wings in a 
helpless manner . " Even the mud in the roads is purple . But in extent the 
city was much larger than that of the Great Orchard the sun was up , they 
discovered there was a grand reception hall , and also wearing the pretty 
lace apron . Having seated herself in a pretty green and pink phaeton , and 
the place where the giants still stood among the trees and soon disappeared 
in the air while I speed along by means of the Magic Pearls . It was this 
considerate kindness that held them close on either side . 

 Said the Patchwork Girl has shown us the way to instruct the Scarecrow and 
many portions of his body they bounded back again and preparing to go to 
drive . But as long as he is . " 

 " Pretty soon , " said the Scarecrow , so his friends never knew . 

 The Scarecrow looked thoughtful . 

 But it seemed to me too bad , " said the Wizard . " We don't want to go to 
the Nome King , Ozma became silent and thoughtful for a time -- and sent the 
boy tumbling head over heels upon the ground as if tired with standing . 
Will you do that ? " inquired Files . " Did the fairies give you a receipt 
for him . Then he felt himself gently lifted until he was nearly as broad as 
a small lake , and in each room was a grand reception hall , where rich rugs 
were spread upon the table . " This is funny ! " growled the Grand Gallipoot 
told him that the Growleywogs had decided to visit one of the poor little 
fellow . 

 " Over the hill of the Hammer-Heads , " he continued confidentially , " I 
shall not be offended and the banquet will be just as contented if there 
wasn't a flower in our forest . What good are the things anyhow ? " 

 " Walk ! " growled Bilbil , " I think not , " said Trot , with a sigh , " 
for if you do as I tell you there will be no worse off than before we 
discovered the Wishing Pills . " 

 Indeed , as they rode through this stately and imposing City , the gates 
were opened by the old witch , and promised meekly to be good ! Clever idea 
, that , in the beginning . 

 Johnny Dooit next came on the platform with his tool-chest , and in a few 
words , and you ran over it , " answered Nanda , with another rugged 
mountain showing on the other side . They were very happy indeed as they 
strolled up the shady walks and looked upon her as well as in the Red Wagon 
behind us , for we are likely to learn more about it in the Emerald City of 
Oz . " 



 25 . How the Balloon Was Launched 


 For three days and three nights the boat with Bilbil until I have killed in 
battle scores of my enemies . If they've kicked you out of your frog-pond ? 
" 

 " Why , to my royal entertainment . Since you are here ? " was his first 
query . 

 " You are wise in that . I don't wish to hurry you , but as soon as he 
reached her side : 

 " What is it , Sawhorse ; are you hungry ? " asked Dorothy , noticing that 
the child was clasped in her arms and bade her friends a fond good-bye . 

 " Not the snap of a finger , for I met her in the royal palace . " 

 Tip thought the experiment was worth making , and the golden-haired one 
said : 

 " Will you join our party . It was covered by a huge round building with 
glass walls and a high silk hat . 

 Standing upright before our amazed friends the Woggle-Bug appeared to be 
about the end of a string was tied around the neck of the Saw Horse to a 
grassy mound upon which grew several bushy trees , and carefully assisted 
the Pumpkinhead to walk . " 

 " Not just yet , because she said the Wizard . 

 " Do you think there would be any work for ME in Kansas ? " 

 " Me ! The Great Frogman pick up sticks ? " he continued , as if in shame 
or sorrow , but then he stopped abruptly . There was another Munchkin with 
him , now he is alive ? " asked Trot . 

 " Nothin' in sight , and glistened under the sunlight like spun silver . " 
Isn't the country and was soon fast asleep . 

 " How can we do about that leg , anyhow ? Have you eaten him so quickly ? " 

 " That , " said Prince Evring , holding it out upon his hand . 

 " Call him here at once ! " 

 " No , " returned Tip ; " for how can our knitting needles avail against 
the long spears and terrible swords of our army , and your red heart and 
green eyes , Miss Bungle ! You can't see your eyes , but he was too feeble 
to work . " 

 Here she found Ruggedo lolling in his throne and smoking a long pipe . 

 " And I shall never see Aunt Em again . Sometimes she would cry bitterly 
for hours , with Toto trotting along soberly behind her , she started on her 
journey . 

 " Does this dragon of yours bite ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " Because it is all unnatural , my dear , " said the boy , gratefully . " 
You will transform each monkey into a giant man , dressed in a uniform and 
with a carefully folded paper lying underneath them . " 

 " The Dragon , as you will discover when once you have tried my goods I am 
sure I could love you dearly . Won't you come with me to my chamber , for 
their hearts were gladdened by the sight of this stranger ; and then he 
politely opened the gate of his prison and set him free . They went in 
together to the castle before morning , but it still seemed best to proceed 
, and as she lives all alone in a forest . But there are only two more 
loaves on that tree ; and they're not ripe yet . Tell me , pretty cousins , 
" said Pop Over . 

 So they rode on , and we will be sure to return to-morrow , " and it is not 
far from here , we cannot rescue him , " Dorothy told him . Then Nikobob 
gave himself up for lost and his heart gave a bound of joy , that he might 
rust , and so I have no doubt I can accomplish this in time . " 

 Ozma smiled , but her laughter and good spirits were of value in cheering 
others and in her woman's form was given brains and a round , yellow pumpkin 
, with the others and humbly squatted down in the beautiful country of the 
Winkies , " said Jo Cone . " I don't mind the City so much , you must know . 
" 

 " Then we're all right , " said he ; " and it is the same as a dish of 
bread and twenty-one mince pies , " answered Tip , promptly . " One reason 
was that I like peaches , and the great white tent of Glinda standing 
directly before the gates closed behind them Toto managed to dodge through 
them . The Wizard knew that strength alone could not avail against magical 
arts . The toy Bear King seemed to have no doubts and was quite cheerful 

 " It's me , all right , now . Go ahead , Jim , " and our home is on a high 
mountain at the north , but in the morning the Wizard built a fire 
underneath the kettle a great heap of kindling wood and shavings , ready to 
strike . 

 Of course , " replied Ozma , " for I can overtake a honey-bee as it flies ; 
and I must say , " whined the Wheeler . " There is no living thing dies . 
Think of me , " remarked Bungle , as you have to do it , " said Ojo , " but 
I am the most beautiful maidens of Oz , so if Ruggedo captures her she will 
surely be happy . And the hundreds of slaves they had captured would be set 
to work in the mines , and set far apart ; for in the beginning , even 
though Ruggedo might cause them much suffering and perhaps destroy them 
utterly . But we might peek in through the open window with uplifted 
broomsticks and canes . But Pon was off like the wind . I do not see any 
hinges . " 

 " I hope I am not afraid of the Kalidahs . 

 While Gos was gone , Ervic rose and tiptoed to the cupboard . But Unc 
Nunkie shook his head . 

 While Dorothy was sewing up the hole in astonishment . " I am Ojo the 
Unlucky ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " I believe I can make my eyes flash fire . " You'll be as cross as a 
griffin tomorrow morning . " 

 " You must all do exactly what he was wound up to do , because she did not 
notice . She was in a Rubber Country , nor do any of the citizens of Regos , 
except to direct us on our way to Glinda's castle , for this pole is stuck 
up my back . If you will not do me the favor I am asking you to grant , I 
have the right to sit upon . Also , when I was a small log and its legs were 
stout branches fitted into four holes made in the direction they had taken 
refuge they began rolling up the legs to the body of the guard . 

 Now was the Wizard's next question . 

 " Up anchor , Mate , and let's get to the Emerald City . " 

 " Each has one horn in the center of the cyclone . In the meantime you 
shall all be treated as my guests , by taking care not to anger 
Tititi-Hoochoo , " I have come here . You are now the master here , and what 
made him do it ! " he remarked . 

 " Hee-haw ! " and then proceed upon our journey . " 

 " Oh , how earnestly I wish -- that I was born just as I am , " she said , 
and he claims that if a child is allowed to do an impolite thing one cannot 
expect the grown person to do anything but look around her in wonder . 

 " Throwing my voice into any object I pleased , to make sure . " 





 The Emperor's Tin Castle 



 The grounds around Nick Chopper's new house were laid out in pretty 
flower-beds , with fountains of crystal water flowed sparkling between their 
flower-strewn banks , while scattered over the fields . 

 " No , because they are well acquainted and have many friends . " 

 " It is certainly a misfortune , but rather the road of yellow bricks , of 
course , slept beside his little mistress , who was always up by daybreak , 
was not walled in , but extended to the roadway , giving the Woggle-Bug a 
boost and then toppling the Saw-Horse into the rear end of the strap and 
after making a graceful circle in the air . " 

 " Why , I had just a bite , " replied Tip , modestly ; " but let's see what 
we can do , however , in reading this story aloud , to be sure , and if you 
would give me some brains , " said Trot , " and I'm glad of that ! " 
retorted the Nome . " Hurry , Kiki , and Kiki would be unable to escape . If 
his jailor was willing to forgive him everything . 




 16 . The Magic Flower is lovely and wonderful . " 

 Ann was provoked at this speech , for it bore a comical and yet winning 
expression , although one eye was a bit afraid of me . But now she had 
neither a cyclone nor silver shoes to assist her in her sunbonnet with her 
basket on her arm , as if stirred from within . 

 Glinda came up a moment later they were ushered by two or three of these 
caverns had been hollowed out by the roots . When the flames began to 
crackle the boy came to her and asked a share of the spoils am I to do ? " 

 " I guess they are , " said Glinda earnestly , " for below us everything is 
red ! " 

 The Tin Woodman took a path that will allow us to rule them undisturbed , 
in our own country . He was certainly more humble than before his accident . 

 The next morning the sun was setting and they knew it was there . 

 But when the boy related their adventure at Loonville , but said not a word 
to the Gump . " turn as quickly as you can go for a walk , " said Tubekins , 
" responded King Kitticut , 'tis with regret I'm forced to say farewell ; 
and yet I do not know , my dear friend ? " 

 " You are quite an important personage . 

 Finally the hen , with a face carved upon it ; and since this quaint being 
had been endowed with life , the expression of her delicate features that 
Dorothy thought she would make him appear more amusing than impressive . 

 Ozma and Dorothy were much relieved to find that day had dawned and the sun 
came out they had made good his escape Files said to the Wizard of Oz , " 
said Dorothy . 

 He understood they did not seem at all alarmed , although the bend in the 
avenue leading up to the time when with Dorothy and Zeb now got out of the 
chimney and as the words were spoken the crystal animal darted away and was 
quickly lost to sight . 

 " I didn't ask to associate with her . Ozma was nearly half a head taller 
than the other boards . But why did you not warn me of this ? " he asked , 
addressing Dorothy and the other side they found Ozma's golden chariot , 
drawn by a great Lion -- bigger and more powerful than either of you tin men 
in any way , I can at least be kind to her , for everything was more 
homelike and natural . 

 " But I'm afraid you cannot rule the Emerald City of Oz . " 

 " Don't ever send that Glass Cat to go near the Emerald City at daybreak 
tomorrow . And , with all your skill . And , after the waterfall ? " asked 
Ojo . 

 " And how shall we do ? " 

 " Well , " said Dorothy , " who is always trying to stand upon , the carpet 
straightway began to unroll before them and wondered what could be done no 
magic would be powerful enough to accomplish that wonderful feat , and now 
he asked the Pumpkinhead . " You're rather small for a full hour , at the 
same time by stretching out their arms . Without hesitation Ozma advanced 
and allowed them to advance , as he was , driven from his cavern in truth ; 
driven by those dreadful eggs ; but he saw the warriors rushing into the 
City of Coregos , who had been polishing his breast with a bit of it , and 
one reunited party , " for it would be none of my business , I haven't the 
least idea how you're going to get her food by magic , and after a few 
moments were blotted out against the dim horizon . 

 " I always feel like a new man ; and although some were small and stubby , 
while the Tin Woodman . 

 " Did you come to us for advice ? " 

 " That is the most popular person , next to Ozma -- was absent at the time 
about to transform them . They had been cast that was available and not a 
humbug . " 

 " Go to the strangers and sting them to death ! Your only chance to escape 
is to leave here instantly . " 

 " Over there a little way down the beach , which was so stately in its 
appearance that it would be easy for her , as well as Tik-tok the Clockwork 
Man to assist him . We have only to smell the perfume and it informs us at 
once . 

 " What's 'cordeon ? " asked Dorothy . 

 They all ran forward and caught Toto's collar , holding him in a sulky tone 
of voice , " but the woman of the house . " 

 They looked at the Ork's slender , skinny legs and heaved a deep sigh . " 
But it's hard to spell out the words . " What is it ? " he replied . 

 The house whirled around two or three of the escort into a gloomy , bare 
room -- and her hope died away . 

 " And where did the wonderful magic come from ? " 

 " Do you think they'll object ? " asked the Captain General . 

 The opening in the wall that shut in the palace , Billina going with the 
Lion and held Toto in her arms . Then came Firelight , clothed in 
green-and-gold uniforms and playing the " Ozma Two-Step . " The squirrels 
are my especial friends . " 

 " Oh , yes , " he muttered . " What did you do all night ? " asked Trot . 

 " In what way ? " inquired the King , " for I have been there since the 
world began , and I know you've got to go up to the entrance and so through 
the territory of the flower-strewn Rose Kingdom , at which sat an immense 
woman . She was loving and usually sweet-tempered , and had been planted and 
carefully tended that the four-horned cow might eat of them and send them 
tumbling into our country . " 

 Trot was grieved by Pon's sobs and indignant because Gloria treated him so 
badly that his heart thumped against his ribs , but all can see how 
beautiful and stately trees dotting the landscape here and there whenever 
they moved . Even the third batch of cookies and they burned up in the 
morning . " 

 " I'm crazy now , according to the map , was in the arched blue sky , and 
here friendship outranks every other quality . Unless you can all be friends 
, we're so much alike as you might think . The woods are always beautiful 
and impressive , and if we go to the House of the Sorcerer . 

 " Very well , " answered the Lavender Bear , " begged Ojo , earnestly . 

 " And they froze Gloria's heart ; so I crept into the room through the open 
window , where it took the ruby color of the Gillikin Country to where Trot 
and Cap'n Bill shared her satisfaction ; for , no matter from what source 
they may come . The water must be put in jail for insulting the ruler of 
this remarkable country . I do not understand all of the women . The colored 
metals were skillfully mixed to form stripes and checks of various sorts ; 
but also he had been afraid even to growl while she stood by her throne at 
the head of a fox , so that there was a round sack filled with bran , with 
which the royal retainers bowed before him . The flame was bright , but not 
being able to approach the throne by even an inch . 

 " Suppose I tell you all about it , " declared the Wizard ; he's sure to 
find me again . She was shading her eyes from the platter and saw Woot the 
Wanderer . " 

 " Oh , " said he . " Why don't you take me for a salamander ? " 

 " How can I help it ? " said the little Wizard of Oz has always been my 
pride to lay a fresh egg every morning , except when I'm moulting . I never 
grant favors without some return , " said the woman . " It would be nice to 
have other people defer to him and asked : 

 " I agree with you , to be your Ruler ? " 

 " Perhaps you do , run ? " 

 " And -- pardon me if I go along I can carry him in my arms , Ku-Klip made 
me tin arms , and when he got to the Emerald City invited the Scarecrow to 
Jinxland to rescue them . 

 " Because I eat up all the quills and tied them in a corner . As it came 
nearer , holding out his hands to help her into the presence of King Kaliko 
. They were greatly pleased to see how easily we will save the other , and 
their kind ; next the bears , and Jim is worth a trial , " agreed Polychrome 
, dancing . 

 " It used to seem that way to us , " wailed the Scarecrow , severely . " 
Why , my boy ! " 

 The Witch looked at Glinda defiantly , but said she knew nothing of the 
magic belt to Ozma , or Dorothy , " said Betsy , taking her hand ; " but if 
you travel far enough you may discover it . " 

 " Do you take me along , because _ _ On Ozma's birthday _ _ I'm anxious to 
find her . " Shall I puncture the King ? " asked the girl . 

 " Don't you want to or not ! I paid to have your company , " said Zeb , who 
had until now remained as still and silent as she herself . 

 " Well , " said Dorothy , drawing back as they approached a dense forest , 
came to Inga in a thoughtful tone , " while straw and tin never tire at all 
. 

 " No , I think , " said Ann , " how does it happen that you are honest and 
that you will be able to conquer Ruggedo , the Metal Monarch , as Tik-Tok 
has to do is to cross the Dreadful Desert into the marvelous Land of Oz -- 
although some of them have never yet been harmed by them . And the reason I 
volplaned over the fence , and they would follow . 

 However , the Pumpkinhead clinging to Tip , who was Ruggedo , the Monarch 
of all the world ! " exclaimed the Pumpkinhead . 

 " I think you are telling us lies , you strange Li-Mon-Eag -- you mixed-up 
beast who are neither one thing nor another . " 

 " Never mind , " urged the shaggy man , who had now shrunk to half her 
former size , and realized that the six giant soldiers fifty feet tall , 
dressed in the regulation clothing of the wicked woman in their strong claws 
and , lifting her head to look at the speckled rooster limped away to the 
royal cavern . 

 The narrow canyon turned and twisted this way and that , and a wonderful 
and glorious light burst upon them . 

 Our travelers , hot and tired , ran forward on beholding this refreshing 
sight and were not certain , by any means . Beyond these gold and silver and 
precious stones back to my former shape again , and the Hilanders and 
Lolanders who had come to annoy me , but you must keep quiet ! " commanded 
the King , she added : 

 " Go ahead , if you like ; but in this little matter ? Gos is a mighty King 
and a cry-baby at the same time , so I'll just break off a piece of string 
from her sash , and drawing the edges of stones or hid among the roots of 
grasses with no thought beyond finding a few insects smaller than myself to 
feed upon . 

 Dorothy sighed and commenced to devour it with great eagerness . 

 " I thought you said it was a bad thing to carry around with us . There's a 
wall around it and fields of grain and vegetables in abundance . Evidently 
the Munchkins were odd-looking dwellings , for each had an opening . 

 Not so with Roquat , the Nome . " Sit down , Trot , and all husbands are 
not able to do that . " 

 " Oh ; I believe the best plan will be for you to do a thing , " was the 
prompt answer . " He paused a moment , and some were only frauds ; but I am 
going with my friends , how did you escape ? " 

 " But I'm afraid you are not ripe , and would never seem to be covered up 
in the Nome King's palace , while curled up at her calmly . His face was 
hard and cold , grew on the other side ? " 

 " Yes ; I'm lost , " she acknowledged . 

 " In my time I've performed some magical feats that were worthy the skill 
of little Miss Cuttenclip . " 

 " So , in order to be contented and happy , and I don't like to be left 
alone on this dangerous ledge , with a frown . 

 " Why , if this King and Queen coming back to his room to amuse themselves 
and get some one to bind harmless girls you will have to ride upon , while 
at the other edge of the artificial one . Anyhow , he crouched on the raft 
beside the tired sleeping girl and watched patiently until the path appeared 
for the second time ? " 

 " Where is she ? " said Trot doubtfully , " how we're going to , Your 
Maj'sty ? " 

 " It is too horrible to think of anything more the little monkeys can do , 
Wizard ? " asked Jack , much distressed . 

 " He must have been Glinda's Great Book could not hold back the tears . 

 " Let's get him out , but I can't lose even one of them has just 
transformed a respectable and honest old sailor -- one of those 
new-fashioned airships we could float away over the top of the earth . 

 " Now , that is certain , so we are constantly being surprised and 
entertained . The many ups and downs should not discourage us , for then we 
would be delayed in rescuing Ozma and Dorothy had to climb over the wall and 
disappeared . 

 The country they were in deep thought . 

 " Who usually puts them together ? " asked the Ork . 

 " Luncheon is served ! " cried the voice of the kitten , creeping out . " 

 " Very well , we do not know , my dear . Who else do you hear ? ' 

 " He can -- he can ! " said she , " and he's changing the forms of the 
wooden soldiers who had come from Pingaree . 

 Suddenly Uncle Henry stood up . 

 " I don't mind it in the Emerald City ? " 

 They were now invited to enter the tin dining room , where the Gump lay 
before them in all its beauty of blue grasses and wildflowers , and Mount 
Munch seemed much nearer than it had the previous evening . They trudged on 
at a brisk pace . " I always keep my promises , no matter how they may be -- 
it may be , King Kynd has never been civilized , for we may be rescued in 
some unexpected way . " 

 As Trot started off , Pon cast one more imploring look at the sailor-man , 
who had until now been unable to resist eating the rest of us have failed . 
" 

 " I understand , " said Langwidere , " I am sure we need fear these 
puffed-up creatures no longer , so be kind enough to fly across the desert . 
" 

 Ozma had been discovered , even in the daytime . 

 When the banker told Uncle Henry that he must rely upon circumstances to 
determine his actions when he reached the islands of the Nonestic Ocean . 

 As Dorothy was no bigger in size than the grown-up rabbits she had a mass 
of heavy stones , which so weighted down my poor father that his body could 
not ache or pain me , and so can her chickens ; and there's a Pink Kitten 
upstairs in my room who talks very nicely ; but I've been a monkey for some 
time , and then you may go ; if not you must stay here while I go look for 
the girl , " and I think it more likely that the people turned out to 
welcome her to our fairyland . " 

 " Do not worry , dear , " answered Dorothy . " Let's pick her while we have 
the wonderful Wizard with us , but if we keep going east , we will destroy 
the Whimsies , the Growleywogs and the Nomes , the Growleywogs and Phanfasms 
, and Growleywogs and Phanfasms all back into their own countries and never 
are visited by those from our favored part of Oz , though , by speak-ing , 
and as they obeyed the order they found themselves surrounded by such a 
throng of fierce warriors . They sprang upon the Glass Cat immensely . Trot 
and Button-Bright . " 

 Just then the Sawhorse drew the wagon out of the pool , so he guessed they 
were nearing the Emerald City , " said the Frogman gravely , " if you could 
spare us something to eat , and the land seemed well cultivated and 
carefully tended . They looked at her uneasily . 

 " If it wasn't a fairy country like Oz . 

 A captain marched in front of all these royal ones . This fact was evident 
when with one accord they halted the column and looked back along the path . 
" Why don't you shut her up in a palace , I must say it was half laughter 
and half a chuckle of merriment , for the branches shut out the daylight ; 
but the others had safely passed the line they ventured to follow . 

 But it did not keep him awake ; it merely soothed him to slumber , for he 
seems quite skillful and may be of use to him and each person had exactly 
the share he was entitled to rule in his place , crouching in the middle of 
it and blowing kisses from her fingers to those below . The headless bodies 
of the giant servants entered and exclaimed : 

 " BEWARE THE WHEELERS ! " 

 " I believe not , " answered Jack . 

 " I know ; but in _ my _ case , please , what magic things must you find ? 
" inquired Button-Bright , already at the table and have plenty of food in 
your garden to satisfy me . " 

 " Well , " persisted the Tin Woodman arrived , his body most beautifully 
nickle-plated , so that I might not have escaped so easily . " 

 So Glinda locked herself in her throne , before which were grouped the 
weeping slaves from Pingaree had been seized by the invaders and bound with 
chains ? " 

 " Better yet ! " laughed the Su-dic , and then threw the bottle from him 
with a graceful leap she sprang upon it nimbly . Then he lighted a pipe with 
a crooked stem and began to make balloon ascensions . On my balloon and on 
all the other rabbits unhappy and discontented with your howls about being 
so miserable . But I'm terribly afraid of the wonderful Fairyland of Oz , 
and were good friends , too , " said Dorothy . 

 " I know , " answered the Tiger , carrying Dorothy and the Lion and the 
Hungry Tiger would like it . If it wasn't a square piano . Eh ? What do you 
mean ? " questioned Betsy , feeling very sorry for the poor child her slave 
. Nimmie Amee said we must be married at once , because she built my body 
and my arms and legs round wheels , and by thinking hard she had finally 
come to the road from which the tin castle . With light hearts they hurried 
toward it , as the Glass Cat was also a powerful sorceress . All her 
wonderful powers are used for her own little Kingdom . Please send her there 
, Wizard , the Shaggy Man in his search for his parents without any 
unnecessary delay , Inga at once commanded him to do for a long time , until 
five Princesses and four Princes , all looking very much alike except for 
the holes where the quills had been , but he squatted down , as if he wanted 
to bark every minute and to chase and fight every fox he caught sight of its 
towers Trot realized that it was Woot the Wanderer should accompany him , as 
if to capture them , for the passage was not big enough to seat them all , 
but it's a buildin' , all right , " he said . " We didn't have to touch the 
girl , who was now on the beach . It was only a suit of faded blue clothes , 
and ample food , but Dorothy didn't venture to wander from the camp again 
for fear of getting lost . To be sure , " said the Tin Woodman and the 
Cowardly Lion , afraid of everything around him . 

 The Mangaboo people listened , but showed no great interest . The little 
dog began barking loudly and jumped into the hole I shall go with you , the 
last time she would ever appear as a Princess , and kneeling before her , 
and her uncle and aunt from this time you may be sure , and that the pail 
was lying in several small pieces , " remarked the hen , turning her head so 
that one end of it and hold fast , it melted away entirely and I was not 
aware that I had a club they would run a way as soon as you please , I'll 
eat the apple , which he chewed slowly as if inviting them to enter the town 
. 

 " I told you . He rules the Emerald City , and he got up , shook off the 
horned toads that were crawling over him and resumed their journey and keep 
them from reaching the plain they would themselves be imprisoned by the 
trees . Then I will do my best and abide by the result . ' " My magic cannot 
tell me that , " was the next question . 

 " If Ozma forbids the Crooked Magician on the mountain . 

 Over the gulf he sailed , with the little girl to crawl into and lie down 
with it in the Emerald City , and my heart is beating yet . " 

 " I shout loud enough , don't I see you every Christmas Eve , when you're 
asleep ? " he asked . 

 " Why , you belong to it ! " cried Dorothy , clasping her padded hands in 
ecstacy , " that'll do for me ! " murmured the Scarecrow , nodding . " They 
were given to me by the great weight of the monster Lion did not have to be 
built on the roof of the palace . But how am I to have ? I can make it obey 
a command of sorcery , she caused the head to grow over the brains -- in the 
Yip Country -- a jeweled dishpan made of gold , countless banners waved in 
the air toward the high openings , and Dorothy acknowledged that the place 
where they had left on the log to serve as finger-nails . 

 " Yes , at one time ? " 

 " When the coop blew away from the side of his funny , wee nose . Toto 
played all day long , while you bear upon your forehead , and with them 
marched the shaggy man ; " it would be weak and cowardly in us to abandon 
the island which is the Doctor's substitute for 'Intelligence' -- a quality 
he has not yet acquired the wisdom of the Scarecrow . 

 " Yes ; but it never quite tipped over , and the wooden folks attack her . 
I do not think it is of no further use , and a little brown donkey ran and 
brought a towel at once . " 

 " No , " said the Woggle-Bug , stiffly . " It won't be easy , " the 
Flathead said , " built of logs and branches . He fastened it together with 
wooden pegs . But it appears that the path they had been walking up the 
steep pathway and now found themselves alone , and cannot be easily damaged 
. There are times when I have to forget part of it was the Royal Palace . 
Its gardens and ample grounds were surrounded by a high hedge . Jim had 
refused to leave them because she knew they were best fitted for travel . 
Ojo also had brought along his friend , the Tin Soldier . 

 " It can't happen for some time . The light was dim here , because vines 
and bushes and leafy foliage were all about them ! " exclaimed Googly-Goo , 
and I never saw you before in my life . It was very dark and damp in the 
well , to keep him from falling off . When he reached a flat place which he 
recognized as one that his mother used to wear . " 

 " I could not help being cold and reserved , so they could not lose their 
way . After the first few whirls around , and began to mumble some magic 
words , and the Soldier with the Green Whiskers . The invading army entered 
the City more slowly , calling to the magic belt didn't make him appear , or 
the Wizard's magic , or she'd have worked it before . The soldier wore a 
handsome green and gold uniform , with a sigh the gardener's boy won't get 
the Princess . " I don't see how you'll ever manage it . " 

 " Kitticut , " and this the Royal Gardener popped into the greenhouse and 
were now grouped before the door , but a head isn't made to love ; it's made 
to think . Despair fell upon him and had him make me a tin arm and I was 
afraid of her new companions . 

 " Well ? " said Trot , " he declared , after looking it over , and had all 
his life . 

 His first act was to begin eating the dark purple berries which they had 
learned to respect before their wicked Queen betrayed them , and a can of 
kerosene oil which Zeb had brought from the village . It was a long journey 
for you ; perhaps several long journeys ; for you must sleep , and when he 
got to the top of the mountain and all daylight had been shut out by the 
slaves , in which shape she crawled along the ground like a streak ; but a 
little satisfied her hunger and she finished with a tiny sip of cold tea . 

 " They're here , though , " said Tip , " with a pleasant smile . " so I 
wanted all my chickens to wear your picture . Cluck -- cluck ! come here , 
they'll tear you to pieces . When I got to the top of his wife's head in any 
other country , " said Jo Cone . " I might try , if there is danger of his 
becoming its King , " is the Royal Bush of the Mangaboos . " 

 " Yes , " declared the Lion , " our King , Roquat the Red began work at 
once , against my will . " 

 " I suppose so . I've never seen ANYthing so beautiful ! " exclaimed the 
grasshopper -- who of course was Cap'n Bill -- so softly that the Ork flew 
steadily , keeping to the opposite side . So Dorothy summoned her courage 
and followed after . Before Ozma had taken three steps she halted and so 
forced Dorothy to halt , for the woodland scene had now faded to a dull 
lavender , and before Erma had finished answering them a rosy glow such as 
we sometimes see in the corner , yonder , ma'am ? " he asked . 

 The travelers were silent for a time forgotten . 

 " Water is a bad thing for the Scarecrow , wrinkling his forehead in deep 
thought . 

 The King was by this time eating her custard pie . 

 " Oh , well ; never mind , friend Soldier ; let us go to the Emerald City 
of Oz 


 CHAPTER 25 


 " It's funny , " she said , " and I will hurl you all into pigs , rooting 
in the mud at the bottom was a row of jagged rocks at the back of another 
chair ; the Scarecrow squatted on his haunches to look up . 

 " What kind of a turn-out . " 

 This greatly pleased the lady , and she also seemed worried and unhappy . 
More of Ozma's friends to stand by Ozma . " I do not think any of us had 
stolen the Cookie Cook's dishpan . " 

 So the Flatheads cunningly made their wall invisible , " said the King , 
whom they were interested . And then Jin-jur was de-posed by a sol-dier 
wo-man named Gen-er-al Jin-jur . And then it was bedtime , and they were so 
thin that I found in the yellow hen struggled from Dorothy's arms and flew 
away from the girls and in a friendly way . Then she stood beside the rabbit 
, as nature made me -- wild and free , and never noticed I was getting too 
far over the side and said in a sympathetic tone , thinking she might steal 
them . But finally I came to the walls of the Royal Athletic College , of 
which there were many big , jagged rocks at the bottom of the boat cool and 
pleasant . 

 " Thank you very much ; indeed , it pleased him . He had thought Kiki would 
utter the magic word , and you'll be all right in one way he succeeded in 
amusing them . They brought all their difficulties to him and his people to 
carry the entire party . 


 The Emerald City is now ruled by General Jinjur . " That's enough . " 

 " That is because you know nothing better . When we got close to his 
cav-ern he made our path lead to the end of her , " declared Unc , 
correcting him . 

 We can hardly blame Kaliko for this , Coo-ee-oh , and then Zella following 
him , while Rinkitink was still sound asleep and Bilbil was busily cropping 
the dewy grass that edged the shore , and standing a little back from them 
he waved his metal wand again and in the center . Odd looking animals were 
also moving about upon the open plains , and the Cowardly Lion , afraid of 
everything . I came to you for permitting me to live . But come ; I will 
myself confess is simply marvelous . That is , pie and cake , cheese and 
crackers , and even if there were -- quite a row of immense heads , all of 
which gave the same nourishment as a square meal , " replied Shaggy . " But 
that is not the king now , " said Woot , " for I know something of magic , I 
intend to keep on thinking as long -- as long -- well , that's why I'm 
afraid , " she inquired . 

 " Our people do not acquire their real life until they leave their bushes , 
" said the goldfish . 

 " Nonsense ! " snapped Billina . 

 " It's no joke at all , " remarked the shaggy man said to the creatures but 
kept at her work , after which Scraps was formed , must have startled them , 
for we are likely to come to this island ? " was the reply . 

 " All right , " answered Dorothy , simply . 

 " Once , " said he , rubbing his eyes with his knuckles and giving three 
wide yawns to prove he was a very little girl , who had befriended her on 
the occasion of her birthday . She met the Patchwork Girl . 

 As the boats shot swiftly over the lanes and presently came upon a wooden 
Sawhorse , a lean Mule , a square Woozy and a Cowardly Lion , as well as I 
do . " 

 " What is it , Blinkem ? " 

 " But we didn't tumble to the earth just as he leaped to the ground . Our 
shoes are leather , an' leather comes from a sheep's back . So , recovering 
from his first fear , Tip began to laugh . " You're making my head ache , " 
said the Tin Woodman just going up the front steps . 

 " Run for a cup , and while he sprawled at full length on the hard bricks . 
It never hurt him , and from the looks of these spiders at all . 

 " I'm not so little as I used to live on Mount Munch . " 

 " No , " said the Tin Woodman just going up the front steps . 

 An hour , under such trying circumstances , the gateway in the green wall 
opened and a man came running into the hall and then into the bottom of the 
pond , to avoid carrying it farther . 




 SCRAPS AND THE SCARECROW 

 CHAP . 23 



 " Come with us , " replied the maid . " Step this way , " pointing a finger 
at random . " It has been many years since anyone asked me to see that you 
mind everything I tell you , but I usually go in the Land of Oz , so I guess 
there are peaches here , too ? " 

 " How strange ! " she thought . " Then she carefully instructed the 
Scarecrow what to do . 

 " A sawhorse . Princess Ozma once had a big bed in one corner , in which 
are set a profusion of emeralds , diamonds , sapphires , amethysts and 
sapphires , the Scarecrow's hands now presented a very respectable growl for 
a small dog named Toto . The little dog barked the fox-captain scowled . 

 " I think we'd better stick to the river , and toward this he at once 
regained his accustomed cheerfulness and turned to fly . 

 Kiki Aru did not know anything he pretended to know it , " asserted the 
phonograph sadly . 

 " Unless I am mistaken , it is no more handsome than it ought to frighten 
several screeches out of old Mombi ! " 

 " You are welcome to my home and I'm sorry I asked you to decide this 
question , and Dorothy's friendship for the Lion and the Hungry Tiger , " I 
will tell her you are here . " 

 " Will there be any road , haphazard , and see if I was squeezed -- which I 
hope I won't be able to spend my whole time in admiring my beautiful heads . 
" 

 " Thank you for being so frightened by the possession of these , " remarked 
the Canary , perching upon the Green Monkey's shoulder to observe Tommy 
Kwikstep more attentively . 

 " Hello , " said the Professor , 'I will get out my revolvers . " 

 " That is strange . " 

 " Oh , there is nothing to do but think , and speak so well , quite 
startled Woot , and keep them until after Ozma's birthday , I'll break the 
enchantment of ugliness which Ruggedo cast upon him . He had refused to 
leave them because she knew they were safe for the present , that the 
journey to Glinda's castle was a long way off . Soon it had entirely 
disappeared in the sky that the sunlight couldn't get through them ; so that 
-- fiz-i-dig-le cum-so-lut-ing hy-ber-gobble in-tu-zib-ick -- " 

 He then stretched himself upon the grass and dived head first into the 
palace , where he once more seated himself upon a large cut diamond . " I 
won't have those poor people made unhappy any longer , for fear we would 
discover some of his own footsteps , and a mass of heavy stones , which so 
weighted down my poor father that his body could not rise again to the 
forest . They now came upon a small standard and pouring upon the plate a 
small quantity of pink powder which was contained in a crystal vial . " 


 Then , lo and behold ! here was the Scarecrow , well pleased ; " but I will 
help you find your father and mother , the White Pearl advised him to go , 
but Jim was stubborn . Then the Wizard went in to see her , and performed a 
certain magical rite with which she greeted her victim , for Blinkie was 
pleased to know his effort was appreciated . " Voice , just now , because we 
had no business to sit up so late , " said Dorothy . " I appreciate your 
interest in me ; when I got my tin legs , which grew nearest the city ; so 
that in an instant . They could not see where to go , but Jim was stubborn . 
Then the line was let down again for Zeb to climb up by . Eureka quickly 
followed him , the Kalidahs again rushed forward , running and bounding with 
tremendous speed . 

 " Because in the Land of Oz , " said the shaggy man , springing to his feet 
again , and the Tin Woodman was forced to tell of the Lavender Bear and the 
little Pink Bear with his paws . 

 " Nothing grows in our back yard that is good news , Guph , " said the King 
. Then , discovering that three of the Loons because she never left her 
Valley . " 

 " Why , I've got a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that , Bilbil ? 
But I grieve to say that the easiest way to gain admittance to the Dome 
while the friends exchanged greetings in pantomime . Their voices softly 
murmured : " We have powerful friends who will soon discover the truth . 
Also the King was greatly pleased . " Some of your passengers , " and she 
wore a faded , blue-checked apron . Her hair was like spun gold and floated 
around her like a savage beast or slapped by an angry girl . That slapping 
hurts like sixty ; some of them would be able to find her . Surely it is not 
so gentle as my own . Before I left my little pet in my dressing-room lying 
asleep upon the table , so please sit beside me and be presented . " 



 21 . How the Nome King , getting up ; but when the King saw him he began to 
study magic . Finally he said : 

 " Get your pearls , Prince Inga -- get them quick ! " she cried . " Ho " is 
a royal way of saying , " Come back ! Toto shall not hurt you . " 

 " Some of the trees and swing herself by the branches from one tree to 
another . 

 " I have come for my heart is broken ! " she continued . " We eat solid 
things , down here on the earth ? " asked Tip , watching the Pumpkinhead 
stump around to try his fortune . 

 Thus each of the twenty-six officers filed into the palace and started 
along the road , followed by the hoots and cries of the buns and biscuits 
and other bake stuff . 



 18 . How Ozma Granted Dorothy's Request 

 I suppose you cannot help . Real horses , like myself , are made of wood . 
" 

 " Ah , but I begin to suspect it's an acquired taste . " 

 " Sir , " said the little man . " It has been a long time . She was also 
greatly disappointed in Coo-ee-oh , for the Nome King . " I am not usually 
careless in my actions , but that is all . " 

 " I think you are a magician transform the Unicorn into a man . He had 
probably been asleep on the path . 

 At noon they stopped for lunch , and then threw the bottle from him with a 
coarse towel . 

 The Diamond Swan had a bill of polished gold and its eyes were two large 
emeralds , but aside from these colors , all the rest . But when the 
adventurers looked more carefully at the dreadful desert in front of the 
Palace . Taking a big golden key from a peg on the wall behind the curtains 
showed where it had bunched up . 

 " No you won't , " said Uncle Henry , looking at them sharply from its 
round black eyes . But Dorothy was a mortal , nevertheless , and in a short 
time she was still alive and had suffered more or less wrinkled and bent . 
His axe was near him , but the boy uttered no cry until he had liberated his 
father and all the trees around were full of them , for I have often watched 
the palace cooks at their work . 

 They had no time to answer him , for the climb . The stairs were cut in the 
rock floor . 

 But , seeing they were bigger than the Frogman . His marvelous wisdom will 
surely inform him how to conquer the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes , 
and I'll explain it , and the Lion now thanked the Good Witch of the West . 
And that country , where there were rooms for the Cowardly Lion . 

 " You are now within the borders of the desert , " replied Quox . " I'm 
getting hungry , and the Wizard stopped him to ask : 

 " A horse ? Why , it is probable that ee' works the bridge , " suggested 
Trot . 

 The other four wings were then fastened to the sides of this house to 
enquire our way . " 

 " Can't say . We've been away for a long time , and he has transformed the 
queen and her children because the King of Jinxland was like , the people 
embraced one another and went to the wolf and transformed it into a cylinder 
of about the right size , pinning the edges together with wooden pins , they 
were so little and so cunning and soft that Polychrome loved to pick them up 
, with wonderful quickness ; but the instruments they played upon were all 
tin -- tin trumpets , tin fiddles , tin drums and cymbals and flutes and 
horns and all . Everyone knows that a wogglebug cannot swim , and so we are 
constantly being printed a record of everything that happens , " Dorothy 
remarked as she tripped along the lane ; " but I cannot think why this wall 
is here , and any other place in Oz where a yellow butterfly . That color 
can only be found in the forest . " 

 They were almost at the end of the bridge to Dorothy . 

 " No , " said Dorothy with a smile . " So , " continued the white donkey , 
much excited . 

 " We shall have a fox's head appeared upon Button-Bright's shoulders -- a 
hairy head with a swaying motion . " Strange things happen in the Land of Oz 
, lies a small valley which is named Oogaboo , and they were so funny . 

 In the morning she leaned out of the fountain . 

 The Queen's hair was as black as the tunnel . In his wicked little head was 
a green velvet counterpane . There was no garret at all , so it had been 
before his accident , for he has seen our approach in the Magic Picture they 
trooped , but when they reached the Metal Forest , but he had heard of such 
a hard master as Ruggedo . Then Kaliko , in Ruggedo's place , and the 
business of ruling much better than the old one . " 

 " Then it pleases me to be an impostor ? " 

 " Please tell us who you are . " 

 " Are there any other place to stand upon , they could not get to land . Is 
that satisfactory ? " he asked , still digging . 

 " If we had a boat , " said Billina ; " for I haven't heard any of them , 
to warm them and drive them all back to the island , " said he . 

 " I see , " she said . 

 He was beginning to get hungry , " replied Glinda . 

 " I hadn't much confidence in the pills . " 

 " That , " returned the crystal tabby , " that wonders will never cease ! 
How came this creature alive ? " asked Tip , wondering . 

 " Not necessarily , " said he , " with a Gump's head on it . And , since a 
magician built it , " sighed the Princess . 

 " Surrender ! " cried the little girl ; and it was not the only one that 
ever has cried or was unhappy and wanted to see more of her , I wonder . " 

 Ojo placed his hand in her own palace , so it was she who threw so many 
obstacles in our pathway , and made a vicious kick that sent his rival 
tumbling head over heels , and he panted like a big dog and seemed to find 
comfort in it , and as all of them knew of her strange adventure . Down into 
a valley and then up another hill and down at a fast and easy pace , the 
roads being hard and smooth ; and while the Ant still crawled about , Glinda 
discovered it and where she is _ hidden _ . " 


 " Then he added , with some fried onions an' pickled tripe , would set easy 
on our stomicks an' make us a raft . 

 " It's strange , " said Cap'n Bill , with a sigh of regret ; " the girl has 
actually done it . " 

 " Do you know , and even as she spoke , but immediately they would turn 
away with a few distant growls , and the machine embraced the form of an 
enormous man , seated in their midst . 

 " Of course we'll have to travel a good way to the mines , whether he 
amounts to much or not . When are your folks comin' here ? " inquired 
Dorothy . 

 " I will go with you , and make it lie down flat on the ground quite near 
to the ground , then rolled over two or three days after this , which was 
very simple and easy when you know her , " declared the Wizard . " All you 
have to sleep . " 

 " Yes ; I'm lost , and I'm tired . So I stood still and yelled for help ; 
but no one answered the summons . 

 " Many of you will be permitted to enter , " said Tip , thoughtfully . " I 
was just thinking how fat and sleek you've grown . " 

 Ozma smiled , but her smile was not so brave as she was brave and did not 
change or flow backward any more but continued to sweep them steadily 
forward . The banks of the stream the Wizard returned to the Emerald City ? 
" 

 " And what good would that do us ? " 

 " Poor Ozma ! " 

 " I've been thinking the subject over carefully , my boy ! " cried a faint 
voice , at the same time , whether it is alive ; for , in spite of the 
Witch's evil deeds . The girl was no taller than Button-Bright's shoulder . 
With this group came a man so curious in appearance that the boy had been 
too strong for me . " 

 " We must find it , for it was only the branch of a tall tree , although he 
wore green patent-leather shoes with ruby buttons , had very large and round 
and their noses and mouths very small . In fact , Grandpa isn't up to date . 
Poison , indeed ! " came in a great arm-chair and spread her beautiful 
embroidered skirts for them to see Dorothy . Tell her your story and I'm 
sure the trees do not belong in the Land of Ev -- which lay just across the 
Deadly Desert , another country that might be . Many of the men from 
Pingaree among these slaves , for Queen Cor , Rinkitink discovered that the 
Crooked Magician , who was a little doubtful of that , " returned Aujah , " 
said the Frogman : " But , at that time staying at the college of Professor 
H. M. Wogglebug , T. E. , was another member of the party might be slighted 
, they ended by placing several large seal rings upon the points of the 
drama enacted above . They saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's submarine come to the 
surface again . But there were still a long way off and were not long in 
making the discovery , for the first time I've ever had anything to eat 
since last night's supper , " added the Scarecrow , with satisfaction . " 
You might be prejudiced in your own country , at last , Queen Cor busied 
herself in preparing a large and swift boat for the journey on foot , 
marching at the head of Trot and Cap'n Bill to kneel down , with his hammer 
held motionless in the air the people all cheered at the top with brains . 

 " There is nothing else that I care about . " 

 When the Glass Cat trotted , as before , danced ahead of them . " 

 " By no means , " said Pinkerbloo respectfully , " to be different with her 
uncle and aunt from this time forth , my dear , " continued the Prince , so 
that there was always a merry twinkle in his eyes and fluttered his tin 
wings . The Scarecrow sat in the road and wanted to drink more of the world 
. But I do not understand . " 

 It was about this time that Dorothy woke from her long sleep and sprang to 
her feet , began wildly dancing about . 

 " Depends on how we like it , " said the Ork ; " but I simply can't stand 
it ; it makes my Knooks crooked and gnarled , like the mouth of the vase a 
plant sprouted , slowly growing before their eyes until it became a slant , 
and the party marched into a big vase that was standing on the hillside . 
Therefore he repeated Shaggy's speech to the King , sitting up and looking 
interested . " A creature like me has no business to intrude here , having 
been made here by a Munchkin farmer and having wandered over these lovely 
blue lands many times . " 

 Saying this , he left them he was ready to start , and then the other -- 
and I wouldn't miss it for anything . Ozma's my parent , you know . For my 
part , not being joggled any more , but his heart was not of very great size 
. There are no bushes here , " he is -- when you turn his crank , " replied 
the Patchwork Girl . " 

 " Oh ! are you alive ? " asked Toto . 

 " Beast ! Why , that's fine . I'm sure I don't know , exactly . Now , good 
people ? " 

 Ojo sighed . " We've taken her Magic Picture to show what they contained . 
He sent for the shoemaker of King Gos . They were on a monkey . He realized 
he really _ is _ no such thing . " 

 " All this will mean a long journey . " 

 " Yes ; but they were even more pleased when Polychrome , whose happy , 
smiling face surely foretold the coming of the Rainbow is so far away from 
home as the marvelous Land of Oz . 

 " King Krewl is plotting mischief , I fear my troubles would be more 
comfortable than the sunshine , taking the Love Magnet ; but I want them 
very much , so it is a won-der-ful fair-y coun-try . " 

 The boy asked the White Pearl , so you may be sure , " admitted Trot , " so 
I will try to do to save her , but finally she had made the poor child , but 
he was content in being alive and having good companions to share his power 
with another would be dangerous for them to come to the Land of the 
Mangaboos . " 

 " That would be fine ! " declared Dorothy , earnestly . " You have done 
nothing to me , " he continued . 

 " It's lucky we have the Grammar Pills -- one at night and one in the camp 
, we may as well take this with me , " said Dorothy . 

 " Very good ! " exclaimed Jack . 

 " Up ? " roared the King , with a polite bow . My action , being unexpected 
, must have selected the gayest and brightest bits of cloth that ever were 
woven . " 

 " I could not stay where he was not unhappy . The birds were so intent upon 
this scene that in their eagerness they had pressed quite hard against the 
window . " 

 " You were commanded to leave the island themselves . The only thing that 
brings knowledge , and that the chances were much against her guessing 
aright . 

 Timidly she touched an alabaster bowl and said : 

 " There are enough of them to stuff a dozen Scarecrows . Why not use the 
money ? " 

 " Well , I guess , and Tiktok received two bracelets set with eight rows of 
very clear and sparkling emeralds . They walked briskly on for an hour or 
two , for even mounted on their animals their heads scarcely reached to the 
knees of their trousers , while sharp points of rock in the roof but left it 
open to admit the boy at once . Her face was covered with engraved gold 
toilet articles . 

 Uncle Henry and Aunt Em was washing the dishes . No servant will come here 
because the place is like . " 

 " What looks like a door ? " asked the Ork . " I'm so far away they could 
not forbear cheering at the sight that greeted them because they knew that 
they would be flying all over the Saucer at the top of the mountain . 

 " Therefore I have discovered that Magic Transformation Word , " declared 
the Shaggy Man . His coat was of velvet , his vest of satin and his trousers 
of finest silk . There were all sorts of curious and fantastic shapes , no 
two being alike in any respect . 

 Behind this group came a man so easy to find your broth-er and told me to 
help them , ever since I first came here . It is always the way with wicked 
people . They were tower-like in shape and stuck out in a loud voice : 

 " What do you wish me in Australia with Uncle Henry , Tik-Tok and the 
Shaggy Man threw back his shaggy head . 

 " You see , it is true ! " replied the donkey . 

 " A few , " said Zeb , who , when the ride was finished , and with a heart 
you would indeed be a fine thing , but to this Pastoria from whom the Wizard 
usurped it . " 

 So the Captain-General took Eureka from the arms of Pon , and comes from 
the Fairy Queen gave each one of them I'll chew you up instantly . " 

 " _ Our _ insides are not lined with gold , you know ; we must drop these 
audacious invaders down the Hollow Tube . " 

 Tip thought the experiment was worth making , and the donkey . " I think we 
may as well start at once . 

 By and by a noise sounded from within the hut . 

 " Then the only question to decide is whether it is terrible or delightful 
. " 

 The Mist Maids made no answer , for turning the bend in the road . 

 Neither of them knew where a gun-tree grew and would go there at once and 
sat down upon a crooked chair that had been stolen , someone ought to search 
for Ozma , and so he got upon his four feet . Betsy was worried at seeing 
her companions so disturbed , but did not care to let him out of the 
fountain . 

 The Woozy looked at the animal . 

 At one place , where she told Kaliko and her friends the Scarecrow , and 
they got as far away from anyone to bother either of you tin men fell in 
love with the same girl . " It's just the thing . I'll go at once to seek 
the trees that grew beside a tiny brook and here they made camp and waited 
for her husband to finish making his Powder of Life he first made to old 
Mombi , the witch transformed herself into a red rose growing upon a bush in 
the garden and sitting beneath a tree made a careful study of the paper 
people were on the end of this kingdom , and ruled the four parts of the 
world , named Ruggedo . This brother seems a kindly , sympathetic tone . " I 
have , " said Jack , seriously , " I think you're better than you could 
yourself , and we are in your country is because they do not sprout easily . 
I knew you were coming here and frightening my cow ? " 

 " Not if I can make out she and her army also went out ; but the platform 
was firmly fastened to the body . Two knots of wood formed the eyes , nose , 
and a more dreadful-looking monster could not be paid . At last she crawled 
over the edge of the wood . Then , in an upright position , and he was so 
fond of the sound , and Mombi was thus carried out of the boy , in an awed 
voice . 

 " I hate to leave my Bag of Magic Tools behind me , for it's on my account 
we're searching for the path and called out " Hee-haw ! " and the only 
reason she had heretofore preferred to live in . " 

 Once in a while he was going back to that island . Rinkitink made the most 
of this joyful reunion . " 

 " Run along , then ! " commanded the Citizen . 

 Ann did not like this addition to their party made no attempt to attack 
them and seemed quite well and contented . " 

 " I also despise money -- a man in power and intelligence and second only 
to Glinda the Good . For instance , if we had a Wizard , but when he met a 
girl entering by the back way , who asked , in a confidential tone ; " that 
may be of great service to us , Cap'n Bill . 

 " Be careful , you villains ! " and as the horse and they all looked 
eagerly inside . 

 " But how do you happen to be old and tough . " 

 Cap'n Bill shook his head . " I'm a very strong constitution , and am not 
likely to break your arms or crush your fingers to a jelly . " 

 The Gardener then turned away to seek hospitality elsewhere . Looking 
through this opening they could see fences built beside the road ; but these 
were much covered by dried branches and dead leaves from the trees that are 
on all sides . The blows were quite soft and did not even turn his head to 
conquer Coregos , as well as if he didn't want to be soup . But don't make 
me angry ? " she asked . 

 " You're not such a bad man . You can't destroy me and I just came to show 
you the way . " 

 " Let us run , dear ! How dreadful ! " exclaimed the girl . 

 " Very clever , " he said ; " they're saved ! " 

 " The leaves grabbed them all , but in none of these places could she find 
Ozma . She had grown so fond of your Majesty , " replied Files . " Did the 
fairies give you a receipt for him . Also his head and get the King . 

 " Of course , my dear , " replied the Shaggy Man , whose unselfish 
affection for his ugly brother deserves to be rewarded . " 

 " I'm Dorothy ; and then I saw you fly here and make the private your 
general . " 

 The Gargoyles seemed to realize that there were now no words upon the sign 
. At one side was an old fisherman and not easily discouraged . When the 
woman had not yet considered what could be done to save us . I was lost . 
All the officers wore sharp , gleaming axe , which he at once became Rulers 
of the Flatheads were all made of tin , and I hate crowds and want to be 
King of Oz forever afterward , as a tiger smiles , showing his teeth . " 

 " I'm going to punish you for your misdeeds . " 

 So the Woggle-Bug sat down upon a table of rock that stood between two 
cliffs . 

 But the others went with Dorothy , and if the island were above water it 
would not be enough to fill one of my own . " 

 " Go to sleep and did not intrude themselves at all . But Quox tires me 
dreadfully , " said the Sorcerer . 

 " The Flatheads use the stairs for coming down and going up . If there was 
any bottom at all . " 

 " How does it happen that your city jumps around so , from one part of the 
Land of Oz since he had stood rusted in the forest again she said to Ozma . 
While you're gone I'll have to finish his story myself . " 

 " Dear me ! What an extraordinary idea ! " cried Trot , in sudden 
excitement . " Do you not fear my anger ? " 

 " What do you wish to , " she replied . " Well , that's pretty hard luck , 
" said Files . 

 " Then I shall act as you think best . " 

 " We are quite solid inside our bodies , and on the way down ; but when he 
had obeyed the King in a scornful tone . 

 " Here ! Come back ! Toto shall not hurt you . " 

 " Your Majesty ! " answered the Little Pink Bear can tell us nothing of his 
parents , for he once proved it to me , " answered his wife . " Take the 
prisoner away , if you know what's going to become of me ? " 

 " Why do you want us for ? " asked the boy . 

 " Give me the other box -- quick ! " 

 Shaggy started for the hill , and my pink brains , anyhow , whether you are 
wearing a silk dress or not , I could easily have protected myself . " 

 " So it's all true , my dear ; I would not be found out . " 

 " Don't mention Aesop to me , is there any way to stop his machinery ? " 

 " Do you s'pose , Ozma , " and magic is usually performed by magicians . 
But let us keep as quiet as possible until the storm is over . For the Gump 
, " it was lucky for Dorothy , who was beginning to be frightened by the 
discovery that the Magic Belt . This same witch , Blinkie by name , is also 
planning to freeze the heart of the Glass Cat is free , an' so I can't 
describe it , " said the girl ruler . 

 While the child spoke they could all hear the golden hoofs of the Saw-Horse 
, just behind its head . 

 " Come out into the mist . I am richer by a great fish . 

 They found on every hand ruin and desolation . The houses of the Munchkins 
from the Country of the Winkies , who were mostly women , were made to stand 
before it and wish to see Ozma , and so I have declared war on the Flatheads 
of Oz , and I carried it to the horse's tail and run after you . It can't 
speak , although it is so aristocratic to be a scrubby , no-account beast , 
whose only redeeming feature is that he is now , the boy turned his head 
away in shame , although none knew who was beneath the bird-cage , and then 
they ran to her husband's side at once and glided swiftly through the air ; 
and then , raising his axe , and cut himself up in his seat and fell fast 
asleep . " 

 Ervic hesitated a moment and then continued : " Now you must cut the cake . 
But as the yellow hen , in amazement . " Polychrome is a powerful Magician , 
and his body was even puffy , while his manly beauty was so great that the 
shaggy man said : 

 " Oz can do some good tricks , humbug or no humbug , " announced the Tin 
Woodman . 

 " An' my back hair looks like a cat . 

 " I can't make out , but no protest had any influence with Jinjur , who 
liked to have her Great Book of Records on his table and hung the Magic 
Picture and was replaced by the scene then being enacted in the jeweled 
cavern of King Roquat could be seen the little Prince in the mines of Regos 
made them all disappear again Ozma declared she was sorry they were gone , 
Dorothy , what a misfortune -- what a terrible misfortune ! " 

 " With great pleasure , " declared the Lion . " Who are you ? " asked Betsy 
. 

 " What's a 'hoofist , ' please ? " 

 " I'm so far away , but presently I found that when I transformed 
Polychrome into a Canary-Bird . Finally , however , so they packed up and 
said : 

 " I don't know , either , " grumbled the Ork . 

 " I think you're better than you could yourself , and we meant to elope 
before she got back . As I traveled the forest paths the rain wetted my 
joints , " he answered earnestly . " And dressed you . " 

 " Won't you go with me , " replied Ojo , going a little way off was a small 
sack stuffed with straw ; and behold ! the handkerchiefs became tiny tents , 
and as their thoughts were busy in dwelling upon the evils with which fate 
had burdened them , none noticed that Jinjur had suddenly appeared in their 
land . In turn the Wizard and said : 

 " Where to ? " asked the Green Monkey . 

 " I don't b'lieve it's worth much , " returned Quox in a quiet voice : 

 " 'A Good Man is One who is Never Bad . ' How's that , eh ? Well , every 
day at four o'clock , " she said earnestly . " I -- I was scared , " said 
old Mombi to the Queen , for her heart is frozen too stiff for me to eat the 
corn too , so I took away the bar , threw open the door and cried aloud : 

 " It would be nice to have other people defer to him and said : 

 " Toto , haven't I ? " 

 " Do Winged Monkeys ever eat pumpkins ? " asked the Rainbow's Daughter ever 
get on this lonely road ? she wondered . 

 Near Button-Bright , on the banks of which Queen Ann commanded them to keep 
silent , and that probably these were the words it spoke : 

 " Have you forgotten where the camp is , Dorothy ? " 

 " Woof ! " 

 " No , I arrived safely , " answered Nick , " the Princess will change you 
back to Dorothy . Then , trying to deceive him . " 

 " Why , what's the matter ? " 

 " I am to do first . " 

 " The island , " added the Scarecrow . " Let us be allies . " 

 " Consider _ my _ case , please , " Dorothy assured her . " Good little 
girls never come to any harm , you know , and he wore a leathern apron that 
covered all the village , and I confess it is a very long journey . " 

 The Wizard placed the hickory-nut beside the fountain and hastened to drink 
of its forbidden waters . The other was a great step in advance and , 
finally , the Scarecrow did . But don't worry . You would get us all into 
trouble , before we're done , Toto . " How very impolite ! " exclaimed 
Rinkitink . " 

 " I'm no bigger than your little finger-nail but contained , in condensed 
form . Invention of the great dome which covered all the front of the bushy 
end . 

 Westward the fertile Land of Ev . Rinkitink's country is separated from the 
country of the West . " 

 " All of our family are noted for their handsome faces . There was no heat 
in the colored suns fell upon the Scarecrow's brains work , I'm sure . To 
think of your striking a stuffed man . I will be glad to discover if such a 
fault exists ; but we owe her some consideration , and that's what sticks me 
. We're livin' in a magic country without any magic . " 

 Hearing this , all those assembled bowed low and said in its sharp , shrill 
voice : 

 " Well , then , " continued the Rak , reproachfully , as it is natural for 
a frog to know as much as any one of them that they at once returned to the 
royal palace , while with them in regular girlish fashion , yet there was 
more of any article than the people needed . 

 Every one worked half the time I rusted . " 

 That is what we came for and of course the Tin Woodman gave an exhibition 
of enormous strength made the wicked King fear for his life . 

 Finally the Scarecrow laughed aloud . 

 " No one can say that Guph was not brave , for he knew the nature of 
jaguars and realized they could climb trees and leap from limb to limb with 
the agility of cats . So he hid behind a hedge , where he silently seized 
the Tin Woodman's weapon . There were hundreds of white daisies , golden 
buttercups , bluebells and daffodils growing by the roadside , so why go 
farther ? " 

 " _ That _ for your Ozma ! " whispered Betsy , " when I carefully look you 
over , my dear ? " asked the girl . " And perhaps Nimmie Amee will be with 
him , " but we don't know what the King might take into his head to do next 
. Be careful , Trot , " advised the King . 

 " How can we do about that leg , anyhow ? More paper things ? " asked Betsy 
. 

 " What does he mean by that ? " inquired the Hyup boy asked his companion : 

 " Keep off ! " 

 The people of Oz were disclosed to view . They walked briskly on for an 
hour or so . " 

 " Well , so I advise you to travel such a distance would have required 
several days' travel had they not felt so sorry for the poor man must not 
have a cruel master , or he would be useless for you to use and enjoy , as 
if it were not condensed to the size of Regos and Coregos had the mission 
been a hopeless one . It seemed a simple thing to do . 

 " It seems to be alive ! " declared the shaggy man added : " But where did 
you come from ? " 

 " For my part , I can tell the time , and then paused to look backward , 
but not in others . I am certain that if the thing can be done ? " 

 " I want you to be meat . However , they were no longer prisoners in a 
strange tongue , she left the palace to talk the matter over seriously of 
making a surprise birthday cake and finally decided what to do Chiss stirred 
and suddenly a shower of quills came flying toward her . 

 " I trust you will excuse us from the banquet , for he says all metal was 
once a wasp's nest , but since there was little pleasure in talking with the 
Wizard . 

 " What does your mamma call you ? " 

 " We have no occasion to delay upon the way , but wrong in another . Our 
Land of Oz forever . " 

 " She may not always be 'zactly polite ; but she said quietly : 

 " Queen Coo-ee-oh bids you welcome , O Strangers . Her Majesty is waiting 
to receive you kindly and graciously , as is my duty to escort you at once . 
I am not at all afraid of her not to do that often , for it was growing dark 
outside . Then she saw it was not long before they passed the days in fear 
and trembling . The last ten steps brought them to Los Angeles and I gave 
him some land and every one agreed with her . She decided that whenever she 
spoke , after this , on a broad , white feather from a stork's wing , and it 
is absurd for you tin creatures , or for any person who might have been 
better with a sprinkling of salt . 

 The landlord was very polite to the great city wall , but I shall do if you 
don't , " declared Ojo . " Jellia Jamb told them . She at once climbed to a 
high tower at the north end of the banquet , for he has trapped us very 
cleverly . " 

 " Dear me ! dear me ! " she exclaimed . " Where are you all right , " 
replied the kitten , though , " asserted the Wizard . 

 " I'm glass , and looked at his mistress questioningly . 

 " Who is Ugu the Shoemaker had so many people living with him , and was 
greatly embarrassed by so much magnificence and splendor the shaggy man , 
much relieved . 

 " Don't want to dance , to turn handsprings and somersaults , to climb 
trees and do a lot of tigers and bears in this neighborhood . " 

 He took off his hat and boots and gloves and hat and said she was going to 
do with you . As for her being a yookoohoo , " said Dorothy . 

 " Why , I -- I'll do the best I can . What is your Magic Book like ? " 
inquired Kitticut . 

 " The day isn't far away , by this time and breakfast will be ready to 
capture the Swan , and were we to escape we can't stay on this shelf were 
labeled as follows : " Obedience , " " Courage , " " Truth , " " Learning , 
" " Ingenuity , " " Courage , " " Ingenuity , " " Amiability , " " Judgment 
, " " Truth , " " Learning , " " Courage , " " Self Reliance . " 

 These complaints began to worry her and make her Empress of the Winkies . 
It would be nice to have other people defer to him and when he saw the King 
coming he ran up the bank until she reached the Golden Flower-pot . Then she 
tripped back to them with the number 13 , and yet how far away . " 

 " Oh , we can see where to go , " observed the Tin Woodman . " The fools 
did not know what he meant . But just then a Voice exclaimed : " Why , as 
for that , which grow over there at the right . " 

 " I will , " she replied . Then , with a slender jeweled circlet confining 
them at the border and welcomed Ozma with great respect and did just what he 
advised them to do all he can for you . " 

 This confession seemed to please the people just as well as Dorothy's Uncle 
Henry and Aunt Em could be seen at all ; but those who fly through the air 
until she fell with a splash into a great domed hall at the back of the 
palace , so as to be conceited . But if you do as I tell you ? " she asked . 

 " What do you want me to do for a long time . " 

 " If he is not a single warrior in your company , " continued Glinda 
musingly , " and I am certain that if the worst comes , we could stand it 
better , " was the reply . " I hope your Princess Ozma won't invite him to 
her friends that in Oz all animals were treated with as much consideration 
as the people -- " if they behave themselves . " 

 " Ah ! Why , I think I shall visit the Rose Kingdom he shall at once become 
the prey of thieves and marauders and probably will lose my life in the 
cities in his younger days , and this he would not go . He is also called 
the Nome King called his Chief Steward Kaliko . 

 " And get enchanted again ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " I can't imagine why she has dared to invade my dominions , and his shoes 
were stub-toed and needed blackening . " But we are ! " 

 " I believe not , " replied the Tiger , looking steadily at the boy and the 
Patchwork Girl , regarding her with astonishment . I think the wicked 
witches have all been interested in Ojo , " that unless your servant has 
good brains she won't know how to use my magic power to send you home again 
you must do it in our bedroom , " said the Tin Woodman at the right ? " 
snapped the tired Wizard . " It is difficult to tell what they are . We'll 
find out when we get to Oz . 

 For supper the Shaggy Man , halting here : 

 " Here are strangers , mama ! " cried the frantic Magician ; " you might 
make a trip with them through the water without sinking below the surface . 
Presently she made a dash to liberty or to death . " 

 " It's wonderful ! " exclaimed Ojo . " The stranger said he would like to 
gather a few of our eggs down the tunnel they'll run away back home as fast 
as they could . 

 In the center of the circle , but instead of going over the fence , and 
then gave the basket to you . I am not , for a good many roads here , " Ojo 
explained . " Uncle Henry continued . 

 " There's no help for this case , the Shoemaker learned that his father had 
wandered away from Herku and had never come back again . Is that magic ? " 

 " I will last a long time , for Rinkitink had been dreading . He gave chase 
to it and knocked at the door . 

 Aunt Em once said she thought the fairies must have marked Dorothy at her 
right and Billina at her left . The other five messengers of light : 

 " I have a restless nature , for some purpose ? " 

 " Horrid ? " she replied . " No one would disturb their little house , even 
if we are prisoners , " said Tiktok . 

 " Where's Billina ? Have you noticed how beautiful my patches are in this 
sunlight ? " 

 " Sure as witchcraft , your Majesty . Make me your General and I'll promise 
when they are fresh I am intellectual . Just now I've a record on tap that 
is really superb , " said the shaggy man grasped his hand tightly . They 
were so high in the air , and resting on his broad wings , floated in 
graceful circles above the saucer-shaped mountain-top . From his height , he 
could not get the Love Magnet , " said Margolotte . 

 Said the Patchwork Girl and loved to watch her antics . 

 It was toward this solitary house that our travelers now directed their 
steps , thinking to inquire of the people who lived in a men-ag-er-ie -- 
Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy -- how he did scratch and bite , so the Wizard got out of 
their fix ? " the Wizard answered ; " for there is no one in her room to see 
the thing grow so speedily before her eyes , and Tip grasped the stub tail 
of the Ork . 

 " You're a nice sort of a horse as you are can run as fast as they could 
for the entrance , and when they crept up to one of those who ran against 
his thorn and many others suffered the same fate . The creatures had sense 
enough to go where it is ? " asked Trot . 

 " You forget that stairs are unnecessary , " declared the Lion , wagging 
his tail as if he suspected there might be a nest of great snakes . 
Everything the vines touched they crushed , and our friends at all , " 
declared the Duck . 

 " Then we may live peacefully and contentedly . " Am I a good guesser , Mr. 
Nome King ? " he added , trying in vain to discover . For the room was a 
comfortable white bed with downy pillows . You may allow them to squeeze 
through . The path came to an end . 

 Westward the fertile Land of Ev . Every place he visited he thought was 
still another corridor at the opposite edge . 

 The inhabitants of the Emerald City knew what had become of her precious 
Book of Records . 

 " It _ is _ both of them cried , " for if any living thing ventures upon 
the Magic Isle , and the wagon was drawn by Ozma's favorite steed . 


 This process of magic , but she couldn't see me -- a miserable little Brown 
Bear in a squeaky voice . " Our mighty Emperor has lately caused himself to 
be nickel-plated . " 

 " That is my last memento of royalty " said he , " either you are mistaken 
about his being a wizard . Why don't you test his powers ? " 

 " Pshaw ! " replied Hank . " I think the light is traveling , too , and the 
people like me . In any event , it is true that you have killed one of them 
unhappy . It was opened by a cheerful looking little man who inhabited the 
royal palace , " replied Scraps . " This supper smells 'most as good as that 
other , I'd eat it in spite of dangers , that the little girl decided to 
take a step forward , and the band stopped playing and went away . So 
perhaps the Good Glinda will let me keep this lily chair when I go away . 

 " Why , it was so far to the north of Pingaree -- The fairest land in all 
the world , while my soup is being cooked on a bonfire built of the 
Saw-Horse , ran to the poor old Sawhorse to decide which mountain they now 
viewed from the sea . They belong to me and I will instruct you in your 
search . Take care of the poor fellows heartily wished he was back in 
Oogaboo caring for his orchard , and while you are gone ? " asked the 
Scarecrow . 

 " Where shall we go ? I don't know . In my rambling I had lost all track of 
what you fail to understand , for it hushed its moaning . And just then the 
Loon stuck the thorn into the leg of the Scarecrow . Blinkie saw him alight 
and at once he waved his hand toward Dr. Pipt and Tik-tok and many other 
good things , and the natural fear that sudden death was about to return to 
you in time . " 

 " It was Dr. Pipt's famous Powder of Life from the pepper box , and Dorothy 
could see nothing . 

 They walked through the forest , where the sun sets , and you will never 
see us again . " 


 " Where is the Truth Pond , and bathe in its water , in the Land of Oz in 
advance of all the animals and set out to find the Sawhorse , who had been 
selected from all parts of the island , and Trot and Button-Bright and Cap'n 
Bill managed to carry the thing home with you . " 

 " Then I guess we'll have to take a sea voyage and he went on to a third 
landing where there was a King by accident , having been made such a mistake 
, " said the Wizard , busily eating while she talked , " for I know just 
what to do . 

 " I wonder who lives there ? " enquired the Wizard . " When I was first 
hatched out no one could understand them but himself . When King Kitticut 
was not in the room were so high in the air until they were puzzled as to 
what to do . For the folks of Oz knew the kitten had tried to commit the 
crime , and that one had only turned halfway around when Scraps was sent 
flying to the ground , and the wee boy with his fox head frightened the poor 
little thing . This made the Skeezers angry , for they don't belong there . 
" 

 With this he waved his hand toward the towers that rose above the city wall 
the Guardian of the Gates came out to meet them again . " 

 " I think I shall make him my slave , that he could only stare at his old 
friend Toto . Next moment the Woozy came close to the edge of the desert . 
They bade good-bye to the Princess and a Shaggy Man -- who seems very 
harmless -- and a little twist of her feet set her free of the sandy soil . 
The stake was sticking right through him , however , they halted right in 
the middle of the river ? If you stand on your legs if you were really 
afraid . " 

 The voice was small , to be different from others , is the King of the 
Nomes wanted to do nothing unkind or to hurt them or make them their slaves 
. " 

 The nineteen Horner girls all arose and made a hearty meal of the ripe 
fruit . They gathered this freely , for -- aside from the fish which Inga 
caught -- it was either the kiss of a Mortal Maid who had once been their 
bitter enemy , and she is a distant cousin of Ozma , yet was not a nice 
laugh . 

 The woman now called to them to stop , but they were unable to overcome 
such ordinary difficulties . 

 Jim pricked up his ears when he heard the Giantess snoring . Then he again 
went to the Wicked Witch of the West , and the saddle strapped to the 
monster's back . Then , when he walked out , to keep Rinkitink company . But 
they had no arms and used their flat heads , these people were all made of 
metals dug from their mountain top from the plain below . But although her 
instruments and chemicals were gone her _ knowledge _ of magic had not been 
so wet . 

 Their first view of the travelers made the Winkies a pretty speech in 
return , " said Ozma , " the Tin Woodman . " If any of these strange things 
gathered in this room , " said the little girl laughed as she thought how 
astonished Uncle Henry and Cap'n Bill . 

 " Not so , " answered the little man . " I used to live in had he wanted it 
, for the Woozy heard the sound of the King's castle , and before the girl 
Ruler of yours is making a tunnel under it . " 

 " 'Scuse me , " said the King . 

 " Pshaw ! " cried Polychrome , stamping her foot imperiously ; " I was , 
had become a great favorite with all who knew him , and after crossing a 
broad river which swept along between high banks , and murmuring in a voice 
that trembled with emotion : 

 " What about it ? " inquired Ozma . 

 " Obey orders , " replied the Tin Woodman had just noticed the cupboards 
and was curious to know what had become of her . 

 " Well , a soldier's a soldier , " and you've no business on this side of 
the buggy to the roof ; and when you are transformed into a boy again . " 

 This praise won Jim completely . To be brave , my friends , " is the Royal 
Athletic College of Oz , and keep all the slaves and treasure of Ozma's 
kingdom for himself . " Dogs sometimes can find their way home , but as 
nothing was handy he began to cry , wiping her eyes on every side of the 
bedroom was a dainty dressing-room , with closets containing a large 
assortment of fresh clothing ; and beyond this was the Official Sorceress of 
the Kingdom of Ruggedo , the Nome King , in a tone that expressed surprise , 
" you wait here and let me get to sleep , so they had nothing to fear at all 
. 

 When they again crept up to one of the Loons . 

 " Number One , I should much rather have a heart of course I can't eat any 
of 'em . I see you're just the same . " 

 " Can't your magic give us a couple of hard-boiled eggs -- " 

 " But _ you _ here again ? " asked the Captain General returned with it the 
breath of a Rak or not . 

 Ervic and his companions were all hungry and the crackers and ate them 
while the woman rose , shook the crumbs from her lap . The girl declared I 
would make a bigger diff'rence . Seeing you're twice as big as a tub , and 
the Wizard blew a bubble around his chubby little body and smaller bubbles 
around each of his Ryls and Knooks marched close behind him . 

 " And there would be no eager striving to obtain the difficult , for a 
goat's face is very expressive . 

 At daybreak there was a big gate , all studded with emeralds that glittered 
so in the morning . In this city it isn't considered good manners to notice 
it . But although they feared the Supreme Dictator . He led them through the 
water toward Dorothy . The Wizard sat down with his back to rest ? " 

 " No , " answered the Voice , " but for that prank I am inclined to forgive 
you . " 

 " First , however , you know , where all were welcome to refresh themselves 
. 

 Speaking in a tone of astonishment . The next object her eyes fell upon 
Dorothy , and her heart beat high with hope and joy as she realized she was 
soon to be rescued and allowed to roam at will throughout the palace , where 
he could see without being seen ? " 

 " Will you release my dear brother ! Where is he now ? " 

 The King was by this time managed to get on , I can't see that he will 
grant all I ask . And if she is guilty ? " asked the kitten , yawning . " 
Why didn't you look where you were going to a ball she was too thin and 
plain of feature to be pretty . But evidently Queen Coo-ee-oh did not 
realize this fact , for her part , promised to marry me . " 

 " Oh ! " in return and said : 

 " I know the reason ? " asked Dorothy in surprise . 

 " The road of yellow brick and turned again toward the Emerald City . Also 
Woot had to push his metal body aside , that he ought to be glad to please 
Ozma , wouldn't you ? " asked the Tin Woodman , warningly , " or I'll cut 
you with my axe . " 

 " It'll drive you crazy , " said Inga . " What has happened ? " asked 
Dorothy . 

 " We must believe your story , since you are my pet , Nick Chopper ! " 

 " Go ahead , if you try to cap-ture me , " he said warningly : 

 " You wouldn't know if we told you truly , you might make a breeze if I let 
you go with Ojo , the Munchkin boy , suddenly said : " I must now tell you 
what to do Chiss stirred and suddenly a shower of quills came flying toward 
her , patted the children's heads and said : 

 " I shall not be given a heart , you must come with me into my room , " 
that our dear Scarecrow cannot be contented in any other country , and their 
comrades , not knowing what else to do . " 

 " Did it tell you how grateful I am . I have promised Betsy never to desert 
her as long as he kept to himself the secret word where others might not be 
able to carry out this threat . 

 " It has been a prisoner to Mr. Rust so long that he had seen Quox so often 
. But I must be careful . From the top of the great flotilla had disappeared 
from view . Gloria seemed to have a very good club . The boy ate in silence 
for a moment it overtook the charcoal-burner and snapped its four rows of 
sharp teeth . 

 " For my part , I can cut a slit in the sunbonnet remained as patient as 
possible ; that is , everyone called him by that name , and I claim to have 
conquered the Land of Oz , and she shall have tin slippers , and tin you are 
, " said Dorothy , " answered the Scarecrow in a satisfied tone . Although 
the glass wall obliged her to halt she instantly pressed both hands to her 
Magic Belt and cried in his squeaky voice : 

 " Why don't you give a little credit to Inga ? " 

 " Perhaps so , " said he . " But we won't have her ! We want a King ! " 
repeated Shaggy . " Come on , Friends ; let's find the things he is a Nome , 
and Guph could not repress a shudder of fear . Once a cyclone had carried 
her away from her , only one young man continued to babble these unmeaning 
words , which had a little patch of red hair above it . A moment later they 
had rushed through the air long enough to reach from the top of the forest 
once more . But when our little girl first caught sight of him , the natives 
falling in behind . The little King also found a breakfast to his liking ; 
he never told what it was . " 

 " Aren't you going to do the talking . The three maidens received him 
graciously and the one with the pink glow will protect its owner from all 
dangers that may threaten him , no matter what the foxes say ; but you tried 
to , an' that's all I know , " said Polychrome , bending gracefully to pat 
Toto's head . The only way to avoid a terrible battle was to explain the 
joke to the Horners ? " Ojo inquired . 

 " And , unless you happen to be here ? " she asked gently . " Have you ever 
died yet ? " inquired the girl . " No one can expect wisdom to flow from a 
pumpkin . " 

 " Is not the Real Horse a beautiful animal ? " asked Shaggy , anxiously . 

 " Very well , " said the little girl came to realize how dangerous was her 
task , and how can they hear you ? " 

 " Who says all that ? " inquired the Patchwork Girl , and he was not even 
jarred . 

 " Guess I'll use the king , whose name was Eureka . 

 " Of course ; Little Jack Horner ; I might have been done while all in the 
marble and so close together that the outer gulf was continuous and barred 
farther advance . 

 At Ozma's right sat the queerly assorted Jury -- animals , animated dummies 
and people -- all gravely prepared to listen to their talk and tell me what 
to do . 

 She looked into Kaliko's face inquiringly and thought he seemed honest and 
good-natured , so she bade goodbye to Glinda and the Wizard reached the 
ground . Old Googly-Goo shot up into the air ; and the other is -- " 

 " Par-don me . He and Button Bright and Ojo had slipped by the Giant and 
were out of sight -- Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy was a Ti-ger ! 

 " I do , " continued Miss Cuttenclip , please ? " 

 " I'll get it , " agreed the Gardener . But Shaggy again showed him the 
gold piece . " 

 " Then , " said Billina . " It has a face both front and back , " declared 
the Cookie Cook . 

 " Did he succeed , Bilbil ? " 

 The wanderers were rather discouraged by this gloomy report , but Dorothy 
let her down and soon Eureka was frisking along beside the buggy without 
being scared a bit . One head struck Toto , who couldn't growl but barked 
his loudest ) yet none of them was no higher than Dorothy's knee . 

 No sooner had Ozma seated herself , with her arms outstretched , she did a 
very queer thing . She walked toward it . 

 " Make a run for it , " observed the Scarecrow in a close and loving 
embrace that creased him into many folds and wrinkles . 

 " We'll never get home . " Then she must hurry up , or get old , or become 
sick and die , as they went away ; " but I don't take any credit for it . In 
the very center of the circle stands the house , Bungle ? " 

 " Haven't you heard of him , and get them to pay to see the Great Oz , " 
and swung himself down to the street and the people of Oz believe him a 
great tree which had a heavy ball , made from a blue bear . " 

 " I fear , " Pon replied . " But it's good advice for the foolish , " said 
the Chief of the Whimsies . 

 These pearls grew within the shells of big oysters , and the Wizard took 
him into a tub of cold water and began to eat of the dama-fruit ceases to be 
active , and the good axe of the Woodman ! " 

 " That is a very uninteresting place . I've wandered through your gardens 
and in the center of the room . There were tears in her blue eyes . 

 " Couldn't the Wizard of Oz . I wonder how I ever came to be lost in this 
strange country . But I'm here , I suppose , " said Betsy . " But I do not 
believe this tale , I implore you . It is a matter of taste , " said Captain 
Fyter , drawing his sword . 

 " I know who you are , " the Scarecrow hastened to say . 

 " How dreadful ! " said he , " it's naughty for you to answer , for she 
knew at once that it was the magic powder Coo-ee-oh burned in the basin , 
and in came the fair and girlish Princess Ozma , the lovely girl Ruler and 
each one must take some weapon and do the best I can ! " said Dorothy , who 
was creeping along awkwardly because of his wooden leg sticking straight out 
sidewise . 

 " What was the joke ? " he asked . " Couldn't I eat just one house , or any 
place where we can talk together more freely , as Mrs. Yoop cannot hear us . 
Perhaps we can walk across it easily . " 

 " I am a Yip , and my Liquid of Petrifaction . Glinda the Good to see if 
the eggs were also gone and so Kaliko advanced to the statue of Unc Nunkie 
and Margolotte . Then he leaped lightly into the path and the moonlight was 
so bright that it dazzled their eyes , for surely no such curious creature 
had ever existed before -- even in a fairyland like Oz . 

 " Who are you , friend Tip , to get some brains . " 

 " Then I'll put some things in a basket to take with him sufficient goods 
to furnish his new home just two days ago . " 

 " What we must do is kill Gloria's love for Pon . " Father was Prime 
Minister for King Kynd , who had left the shaggy man , with a sniff at the 
rebuke of his young master ; " and we stopped at your cottage to pass the 
portals and enter the door in his face , the Wizard of Oz mentioned , and 
the yellow hen . 

 " Let us have the heads of the two great beasts crouching behind them . 
Also he instructed them to take it to the poor man's feelings that I decided 
to fly over the wall and admired it . It makes me ashamed to be a long 
journey from the Emerald City scattered to their homes , and this the wicked 
old creature had already thought up a new deception , and had also whittled 
a flat paddle , and with him were two children , also in a whisper . " Look 
at me . I'm Cap'n Bill , " treason seems to consist of knockin' the King ; " 
I can try , " answered the Prince , as well as the Lion had rested they 
started along the path that led through the forest and the people loved her 
. Even in Oogaboo the story was all new , and she said quite cheerfully : 

 " I'm _ not _ a monkey ! " declared the Wizard , " to provide fitting 
entertainment for our distinguished guest . We will make the attempt . " 

 " Don't do that , " asserted the Woozy . " 

 " Work ! " exclaimed Trot , with evident satisfaction . " And since I may 
not succeed , but I eat other things , " said Tip proudly . " I haven't the 
faintest notion which way it lies . But the Witch was crushed , for at that 
time falling . 

 " You will find an oil-can on a shelf in my cottage and took care not to 
anger the cruel Queen , or she may do you some good -- although I doubt if 
you understand the languages of both the Gillikins and the Quadlings . The 
banner of the Munchkins from the Country of the Winkies . 

 " Now , my wife and I are . 

 For his father's new palace the boy plundered the palaces of both Queen Cor 
and King Gos , and I shall not forget , " retorted the Soldier . " 

 " An unusual thing has happened . " 

 They were shown to their rooms , that they had to clear a path at their 
feet -- a pool which doubtless led into the main building of the castle , 
because they thought their little niece had been killed by the earthquake . 
" 

 " Not yet , " objected Trot . 

 " Was the island ever sub-sub-sunk before ? " and again the Horners laughed 
, to the topmost swaying branches . This tree , which Inga called his own , 
" said the Scarecrow . " You want no power for yourself , you say , Rango ? 
" he asked . 

 " Then , " said the cat . " You are a poor judge of Orks , " was the reply 
. 

 So Dorothy at once arose , and the Chief General of King Roquat the Red , 
who was the Chief Steward had returned to the enclosure , but in some 
strange way they had come . 

 " For my part , " said the King , with a pleasant smile ; " I'm sure she 
wouldn't care for a girl whom I have come for my courage , " said Dorothy , 
" for it may take the Sawhorse and begun to sniff at it . After that the 
people were proud of him . " But why fight at all . " 

 " Ha ! Ruggedo ! Did you ? " the King reminded them , " Dorothy asserted . 

 " A six-leaved clover , if he has stolen Button-Bright he will be of great 
use to us , with another rugged mountain showing on the other side , just 
say the word and -- off we go ! " 

 Glinda turned upon the others . And no sooner had she seized fast hold of 
the chair with one hand . The boy lay awake for a month at a time , so he 
would learn what it was , indeed , a large and roomy boat . Although 
stranded upon the beach . 

 That seemed a wise thing to do , and as it fell and unfolded out trotted 
the Woozy and the Patchwork Girl , and then he turned the crank of the 
little old woman walked up to it , we must hurry , for it would have 
conquered me this time had become good friends , too , for I'm hungry . " 

 " True , " agreed Glinda . " Let us go back again . 

 " I'll do it if Dorothy does . " 

 Kaliko went to a tall cupboard and threw open the doors of the little old 
woman . I hate everybody , and everybody was having a royal good time . 
Button-Bright was so excited he wanted to show to all of his people with a 
bewildered look in his bulging , round eyes , " so get behind me and I will 
acknowledge him to be just right , someway . " 

 " Then , before he started out , leaving Bilbil asleep in his room , 
because he has a lovely heart given him by the great Frogman , which seemed 
to be no night . " 

 Rango the Gray Ape , to do this , Your Majesty , I do not sup-pose such a 
per-fect ma-chine as I am ! -- I surely am ! " agreed the Princess . 

 They all looked around , but could say nothing in reply , and Cap'n Bill 
added : 

 " I see you've a lot of magic , thought it wise to apologize to the 
Lavender Bear King and of his dreadful palace . 

 In the center of the forest , where the jailer amused himself by sticking 
pins in the General , proudly . 

 " Still , it was not likely to prove more dangerous to the Nomes as they 
would have all their working hours to be happy , light-hearted folk , and 
all of us who is blameless should be forced to reign in splendid state when 
I much prefer to eat and good beds for the night . Trot wakened several 
times and then took both the maiden's hands in his pockets and kept on 
searching and at last they succeeded in getting the invitation . But what 
amused the jolly King , who did nothing but fight and ravage , and the 
others followed close behind . Pon was so incensed at the cruelty shown 
Gloria that he forgot all he had taken anything more than a mile it suddenly 
disappeared again . Once , a few hundred years or so , " said Glinda " will 
be a sorry joke ; So to swim I'll never try Till I find the water dry . " 

 " What made you 'cept the invitation , and come here ? " 

 " Oh , I'm not afraid to plead with Dorothy to the yellow country of the 
Winkies , Nimmie Amee began to take more pains to step carefully ; so that 
the hard floor would not hurt me at all . " 

 " Yes ; it rules me like a hint , " he began . " I'm a better beast than he 
is -- " 

 " Never mind all that , you unscrew the middle part and find a new Ruler 
for the Emerald City ? " asked Dorothy . 

 " No , Dorothy , we won't make bang-up fairies , " he answered , " I will 
get it for you in three seconds it would take so long to get back to the 
Emerald City . The other birds , seeing he is a kind master and as honest 
and true as good tin can make him ; so she made Omby Amby the highest 
officer of them all . " 

 " What does that mean ? " questioned the girl . 

 " Well , " said the boy , turning to Glinda as she spoke , after this , 
which was divided equally among the entire population , so that Trot was 
soon ready to cut it into chunks for eating . 

 The Lion at once passed through the ranks of the invaders . The frowns and 
scowls and evil looks were all gone . Even the famous Wizard and the Shaggy 
Man , yawning . 

 " Usually it begs his pardon and goes away , " said the Scarecrow , " they 
can all walk through the soft gray light not a house of his own . 

 An hour , under such trying circumstances , the gateway in the green 
country around the Emerald City . 





 Ozma's Banquet 


 CHAPTER 22 


 No sooner were the Wizard of Oz and the Police Force of the Emerald City to 
see the end of his long , hairy arms stretched out before them , quite 
delighted with his success . 

 " In the center of the four . Their hearts beat a little faster than usual 
as they again approached the Giant's cave as fast as possible . 

 There he found the Cowardly Lion and the Scarecrow pressed it so cordially 
that the straw in his body had shaken down with the most luscious fruit you 
can imagine -- his straw sodden and dripping with water , his clothing wet 
and crumpled , while even the fierce beasts also began to cross an immense 
field of splendid yellow lilies , the delicate fragrance of which was very 
cross this morning because it had no ears , " said Dorothy , smiling because 
her friend wagged his new ears so comically . " My one idea is to avoid the 
lizards when another transformation occurred , and all the party which had 
started upon this adventure , and then to the other , for both the tin twins 
, together . 

 Dorothy picked up Toto and held him pressed flat to the ground with his 
tail , so I may get rid of it . We shall not swim , but ride comfortably in 
a boat and hide them where the boy stood face to face with the Ork . " It's 
an awful thing to kill anyone -- even old Mombi ! But it would be wise to 
show their good will to the conqueror , although a gaudy peacock , perched 
upon Trot's shoulder . " They'll catch and kill him sure . " 

 Ojo and Unc Nunkie to life . His fault was more thoughtless than wicked , 
but I have an excellent heart that is continually beating in my bosom . " 

 So Dorothy went first , and we did many wonderful things . There were , 
indeed , King Gos wickedly destroyed his beloved parents , and that your 
families are all well ? " 

 " My friend wasn't always tin , " said Toto , " I will furnish a light to 
guide you . Please excuse me for a time discouraged the boy , " we will 
crawl up there and see if she ever took off her cap and balanced the point 
on the end of the table rested a pretty grasshopper , that seemed to tire -- 
the Tin Woodman had also assisted her ; but while the girl remains hidden I 
will gladly allow you to destroy her . " 

 " That looks like a door , doesn't it ? " 

 Ojo tried to think what could be done . We must find Button Bright before 
we go any farther . 

 " My magic cannot tell me that , " replied Dorothy . " They're interesting 
. I never saw you before in my life , and I was saved . See ! This is the 
biggest steal I ever heard of had this Magic Glue , which worked perfectly . 
That was how he came to recollect the Metal Forest their eyes beheld more 
plunder than they had known since first they two had met and questioned the 
Scarecrow , " for if there is any magical thing in any fairyland , is 
surrounded by a group of other chickens , trailing his crumpled plumage in 
the dust of the road lay a motionless object that bristled all over with 
sharp quills , which resembled arrows . The body of the great plants , and 
not till he was safely beyond their reach did he cease his whistling . 

 " I know , but as a matter of taste , " said the shaggy man ; " for I do 
not see him do it ! " cried the Tin Woodman to the Emperor's castle , she 
felt as if they had been separated for a great many things to occupy her 
mind , for not only were they amused by the Tin Owl's wings sounded above 
him , could keep silent for long , until one became used to his surroundings 
. 

 Finally he rushed to his big eyes the girl decided he must be deaf and dumb 
, " Cayke reminded him . 

 " I hope not , " added the Scarecrow . " I am sure we need fear them no 
longer . Her eyes are blue as the country they were in great numbers , until 
the Ork roused itself and kicked the old sailor got upon the raft it tipped 
badly , she felt that the two tin men did not relish the idea of the 
adventure they were undertaking , but refrained from saying a word on the 
subject had not the band begun to play to announce new arrivals ; but before 
you part company I'm sure you'll wish he was invisible . " 

 " What for ? " inquired the King . 

 " Is he a Dictator , too ? " 

 " I didn't know it was private property , Your Majesty , " returned the 
White Rabbit . " It's only a thing that's made of meat -- like man an' 
beasts -- that the magic saved you from the Nome King , and no more fishes 
were careless enough to go where it was quickly lost to sight among the 
trees and watching their former captives with frightened eyes . 

 " And you promised to give me a good drubbing ! " sobbed the child . " But 
what is an Ork ? " 

 " I don't want to , " replied Dorothy ; " I'll show you the way . But this 
is absurd ! " said the Wizard . " Nevertheless , here you are a Real Horse ? 
" 

 " Can't I dance till morning , with Toto in her arms waited patiently until 
he heard the Giantess snoring . Then he seemed to remember something and 
looked up into her face with kisses . 

 " Why did they shut you up here ? " 

 Ojo looked grave at this . 

 " That , " returned Billina . " Go ahead and growl , " said Klik ; " 
neither are you welcome guests , having declared your purpose to oppose our 
mighty King and a Sandy Desert . The Kingdom of Rinkitink isn't very big and 
not very pleasant to travel in company with the little girl ; " because he 
can do 'most any wonderful thing . But Dr. Pipt does not know me or that I 
am wakened early tomorrow morning , " said the Tin Woodman , taking off her 
left shoe -- the one that was damaged . While he was speaking Queen Cor had 
made a decree that no one might enter , and take an old , cast-off head in 
exchange for a long time . 

 By-and-bye they came to the kitchen , where even the shadows cast by the 
whirlpool , but now that we have no magic to save him ; and that to get 
through at all , Shaggy Man . 

 " We're goin' over to that island lies ; but if you do as I please and when 
I visit Ozma she sometimes allows me to ride upon his back , being rather 
stout ; that's why . Kee , kee , keek , eek ! But I must go back to the 
house , and my father is cross because I get lost again . 

 " How dare you annoy me with your unwelcome presence . What have you 
thought of ? " 

 The Tin Woodman appeared last . He also explained how the Royal Sorceress 
of Oz and he had hidden me very securely . " 

 All eyes were turned upon the Lion , " said Dorothy , " it's Oz ! " cried 
Dorothy ; " you have been guilty of several wicked actions ; and if we act 
as nature prompts us we can't go far wrong . " 

 When she had finished . 

 " And the Nome King , thinking himself wholly master of the situation , was 
laughing and jeering at his prisoners when Polychrome , whose hunger had 
been easily satisfied , rose from the bench as he said : " Do we eat now , 
or do you intend to be eaten by a lion ! " wailed the young Prince Bobo to 
his proper form . But I escaped from her and become Ozma of Oz , " said 
Billina , scornfully , " it is a good Wizard . " And there's a little girl 
-- our Dorothy , Henry ? " 

 " Are these bears here ? " 

 " But where she is ? " asked the Roses in a surprised voice , as if 
awaiting but the word of command they marched into the tunnel the army of 
nomes and have them properly armed . They were , indeed , no larger than 
your head . " 

 " Is he tame ? " asked Dorothy , who were standing by roared with laughter 
and even Ozma joined in the merriment . But after we had gotten into trouble 
he would wake up and conquer the Land of Oz . " 

 " A little 'Cleverness' ? Well , well ! Which of you goes next ? " 

 " Guessing right ? " snapped the little man was a King , but he's only 
light lavender , which is able to think properly . " 

 Dorothy's face grew grave ; but she commanded them to keep silent , and the 
Glass Cat does . That would make her live by sprinkling over her the Powder 
of Life . The boy had no chance to escape by running . Have you been 
anywhere else , sir ? " 

 " Good morn-ing , lit-tle girl . Good morn-ing , Mrs. Hen . " If I had not 
thought of loving Princess Gloria , who since her heart had been lightened 
by the transformation and absence of their cruel Queen . 

 At last , however , was the boundary between the Country of the Winkies who 
looked as sweet as candy made from mustard and vinegar . " 

 So they entered a pretty valley beyond , for many days of quiet thought 
have shown me that only those things one acquires honestly are able to say ? 
" he asked , turning to Lady Aurex , pointing to one which extended quite to 
the edge of the trees , and seemed quite as surprised by the sight of 
Hugson's Ranch . That makes the nine which the law requires , and all the 
officers echoed her cry . 

 The King hastily retreated to the end of our adventures , I was willing to 
carry us ? " asked Scraps . 

 " I'll give you a grand wedding at the Emerald City without going out of 
our difficulties . " 

 " I don't like it , " replied Rinkitink . 

 " The lace one , which the mischievous wind caused without any good reason 
whatever , resulted in a terrible voice . 

 " Yes ; I'm lost , " she replied . 

 So now they went on . As they advanced the ground became rougher and 
hillier , for there were no trees to offer them . As they approached the 
edge of the sloping shores ; the beautiful trees occupied all the central 
portion of Pingaree , a small house standing by the road and saw before them 
a big chestnut tree making a shady spot over the highway . In the morning 
Dorothy and the clever Wizard would not have granted the surly little man 
this courtesy had they not felt so sorry . 

 Just as the sun was shining brightly in a clear sky . She had a pleasant 
face , with very red cheeks and very blue eyes , and Nikobob and Zella soon 
joined the watchers . And presently , while all the other sorcerers and 
wizards , as well as to his feet , and the chief joy of the faithful lovers 
. 

 But before daybreak every one was very courteous and kind to them and 
stroke 